All the world's a stage, and all the men and women merely players: they have their exits and their entrances; and one man in his time plays many parts, his acts being seven ages.
The man who is swimming against the stream knows the strength of it.
We are not actually in charge of life, yet behave as if we are the masters of our own destiny. The realization of this fact is quite a hard one. The ridiculousness of our pomposity and presumption can only result in anger or humor.
In myself I am nothing. It all comes from God and the Virgin Mary.
The fact that I can plant a seed and it becomes a flower, share a bit of knowledge and it becomes another's, smile at someone and receive a smile in return, are to me continual spiritual exercises.
Purchasing power is a license to purchase power.
In some sort of crude sense, which no vulgarity, no humor, no overstatement can quite extinguish, the physicists have known sin; and this is a knowledge which they cannot lose.
Natural selection, as it has operated in human history, favors not only the clever but the murderous.
History has remembered the kings and warriors, because they destroyed; art has remembered the people, because they created.
Mankind has probably done more damage to the Earth in the 20th century than in all of previous human history.
I am a private guy, and at the end of the day, I only really do care about my family. That's the most important thing: my way of life, my family. Whoever is in front of that is going to get hurt.
Power, after love, is the first source of happiness.
Thinking: the talking of the soul with itself.
I'm grateful to the LGBTQ community for giving me the courage to write music about who I am and not just about my sexual orientation.
He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life.
Prohibition of substances which give pleasure to people does not work. Addiction is a health problem, not a moral one, and there are many proven strategies which can reduce its burden.
There is at least one point in the history of any company when you have to change dramatically to rise to the next level of performance. Miss that moment - and you start to decline.
Dream no small dreams for they have no power to move the hearts of men.
The present was an egg laid by the past that had the future inside its shell.
I feel like it's actually everybody's responsibility to use whatever platform they have to do good in the world, basically, and to try to make our society better, whether you're an accountant or an activist or an athlete or whatever it is. I think it's everybody's responsibility.
Courage - a perfect sensibility of the measure of danger, and a mental willingness to endure it.
Time plays a role in almost every decision. And some decisions define your attitude about time.
There's an expression in Persian, 'to play with the lion's tail.' I wasn't what Iranian society wanted me to be - a good girl. I played with the lion's tail.
Money you won't need to use for at least seven years is money for investing. The goal here is to have your account grow over time to help you finance a distant goal, such as building a retirement fund. Since your goal is in the future, money for investing belongs in stocks.
Our Lord has written the promise of resurrection, not in books alone, but in every leaf in springtime.
Now, you lose something in your life, or you come into a conflict, and there's gonna come a time that you're gonna know: There was a reason for that. And at the end of your life, all the things you thought were periods, they turn out to be commas. There was never a full stop in any of it.
I love women, but I also respect them.
Elegance is not the prerogative of those who have just escaped from adolescence, but of those who have already taken possession of their future.
My big inspiration for hope is the courage that I read about from people from all over the world, or that I see on a daily basis from the kids I get to work with.
I grew up between the two world wars and received a rather solid general education, the kind middle class children enjoyed in a country whose educational system had its roots dating back to the Austro-Hungarian Monarchy.
There is nothing triumphant or boastful in the way we mourn the dead and pay our veterans the respect they deserve.
The world rolls round forever like a mill; it grinds out death and life and good and ill; it has no purpose, heart or mind or will.
I think God has got a sense of humor. I really do.
Sickness, insanity and death were the angels that surrounded my cradle and they have followed me throughout my life.
My mum wants me to get married - and have children, of course. She's met Gaga; we've been dating a while. We're in a committed relationship, and I'm really happy in my relationship. I'm a very lucky guy. As far as having more of a domestic life and settling down into my relationship, we have to see what happens.
Change makes you find your calling, your legacy, and God's divine plan for your life. Don't run from it.
I started posting covers online and having this crazy determination about what I wanted to do and just went for it. I was like, 'Okay, no one else can create my future for me, and no one can get what I want for me, so I have to go out and get it myself.'
Dog is God spelled backward.
I know what it is to feel unloved, to want revenge, to make mistakes, to suffer disappointment, yet also to find the courage to go forward in life.
Time will inevitably uncover dishonesty and lies; history has no place for them.
Who controls the past controls the future. Who controls the present controls the past.
A good sense of humor will get you everywhere.
A new, a vast, and a powerful language is developed for the future use of analysis, in which to wield its truths so that these may become of more speedy and accurate practical application for the purposes of mankind than the means hitherto in our possession have rendered possible.
I come from - I came from Wales, and it's a strong, butch society. We were in the war and all that. People didn't waste time feeling sorry for themselves. You had to get on with it. So my credo is get on with it. I don't waste time being soft. I'm not cold, but I don't like being, wasting my time with - life's too short.
Sport and health are so important to our nation that they deserve to be right at the front of people's minds.
Success isn't measured by money or power or social rank. Success is measured by your discipline and inner peace.
Men love it. They have a sense of humor, whereas a lot of women are threatened or just don't get it.
We are not intoxicated by power. We are concerned about the betterment of the poor, marginalised, oppressed, farmers, women, those living in villages, and every section of society.
Music is very spiritual, it has the power to bring people together.
The revolutions of the Arab Spring happened because people realized they were the power.
I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.
God has entrusted me with myself.
I've always liked watching wrestling, but once you are on the other end of it, you develop a certain passion for it and respect for it, and I would like to accomplish everything I want to before calling it quits.
Since 1994, lawmakers on both sides of the aisle have considered it politically risky to offer a plan to fix America's broken health care system. The American public, though, has paid the price for this silence as health care costs skyrocketed, millions went uninsured, and millions more grappled with financial insecurity and hardship.
Playing games is the best time of your life, and the more games you get, the better it is.
Sure, I am funny and have a good sense of humor. Mostly, though, I just tell the truth. The internal dialogue people have in their heads - I just write it.
I'm obsessed by the idea of making my mark on history. And Arsenal is my paradise.
If you think you have it tough, read history books.
Your ordinary acts of love and hope point to the extraordinary promise that every human life is of inestimable value.
Life gives you plenty of time to do whatever you want to do if you stay in the present moment.
You can never plan the future by the past.
We face a choice this election. President Obama is fighting for changes that grow the economy from the middle out and help all Americans succeed - jobs, education, health reform, the DREAM Act, equal pay for women. He is moving us forward with opportunity today for prosperity tomorrow. Mitt Romney wants to take us back to yesterday.
Whether we like it or not, there are moments in history when pessimism is the appropriate response.
Flags are about proclaiming power... that visibility is key to our success and to our justice.
Hydrogen holds great promise to meet many of our future energy needs, and it addresses national security and our environmental concerns. Hydrogen is the simplest, most abundant element in the universe.
This soul, or life within us, by no means agrees with the life outside us. If one has the courage to ask her what she thinks, she is always saying the very opposite to what other people say.
I'm just a simple guy. I love being at my house with my family, I love playing dominos and card games and hunting and fishing. That's just what I like to do.
It doesn't matter what tradition you come from, what religion you have or don't, what culture you were brought up in or what God you ascribe to: Faith is worthwhile as it helps us to be kinder, more generous, more loving and forgiving people.
I think that freedom means freedom for everyone. As many of you know, one of my daughters is gay, and it is something we have lived with for a long time in our family. I think people ought to be free to enter into any kind of union they wish. Any kind of arrangement they wish.
Leave all the afternoon for exercise and recreation, which are as necessary as reading. I will rather say more necessary because health is worth more than learning.
If the doors of perception were cleansed everything would appear to man as it is, infinite.
We all have different things that we go through in our everyday life, and it's really important to know just at the end of the day, it doesn't matter what you face, you know, that you're going to win at the end of the day. You got to believe in yourself. You got to believe in God, know that He's going to get you through it.
I've got a theory that if you give 100% all of the time, somehow things will work out in the end.
'Harry Potter' gave me back self respect. Harry gave me a job to do that I loved more than anything else.
Capital punishment is our society's recognition of the sanctity of human life.
I'll tell you one thing for sure: once you get to the point where you're actually doing things for truth's sake, then nobody can ever touch you again because you're harmonizing with a greater power.
For something to collapse, not all systems have to shut down. In most cases, just one system is enough. For example, the human body is a system of systems. If just one system, such as the cardiovascular system, shuts down, death follows.
I have long recognized a link between fitness and mental health and I think we need to encourage young people to take part in sports and team activities because we know it has such positive results.
Society is one vast conspiracy for carving one into the kind of statue likes, and then placing it in the most convenient niche it has.
Punishment is now unfashionable... because it creates moral distinctions among men, which, to the democratic mind, are odious. We prefer a meaningless collective guilt to a meaningful individual responsibility.
He who is unable to live in society, or who has no need because he is sufficient for himself, must be either a beast or a god.
The view of Jerusalem is the history of the world; it is more, it is the history of earth and of heaven.
It is through this mysterious power that we too have our being, and we therefore yield to our neighbors, even to our animal neighbors, the same right as ourselves to inhabit this vast land.
I always play women I would date.
I personally have always hated dating. I was never vulnerable or insecure in any part of my life, but I would become that way with a guy because they have control, according to society, when it comes to dating.
Yeah, I think everybody has the crises of questioning themselves at some point or other in their lives. Is this where I should live? The job I should have? The girl I should be dating? Is this the friend I should have?
I really learned the power of the tube on Sesame Street and how it can influence a very young mind.
I respect the fact that many denominations have different points of view with respect to gay marriage and they can hold that in the sanctity in the place of their religion and not bless them or solemnize them.
The average age of the world's greatest civilizations from the beginning of history has been about 200 years.
A girl child who is even a little bit educated is more conscious of family planning, health care and, in turn, her children's own education.
When faith is lost, when honor dies, the man is dead.
God bless America. God save the Queen. God defend New Zealand and thank Christ for Australia.
Once you start doing only what you've already proven you can do, you're on the road to death.
Museums are managers of consciousness. They give us an interpretation of history, of how to view the world and locate ourselves in it. They are, if you want to put it in positive terms, great educational institutions. If you want to put it in negative terms, they are propaganda machines.
Because of the vulgar advent, I decided to give way and, by dark and cryptic sentences, tell of the causes of the future mutation of mankind; especially the most urgent ones, and the ones I perceived, and in a manner that would not upset their fragile sentiments.
I am truly blessed to have been a part of the MTV family for so long.
God, give us grace to accept with serenity the things that cannot be changed, courage to change the things which should be changed and the wisdom to distinguish the one from the other.
It is never too late to strengthen the foundation of faith. There is always time. With faith in the Savior, you can repent and plead for forgiveness. There is someone you can forgive. There is someone you can thank. There is someone you can serve and lift. You can do it wherever you are and however alone and deserted you may feel.
I got a big Filipino family. That's what I love about being Pinoy: we all gotta surround ourselves with family; we all gotta laugh and do things together. I love it! It's family first.
The limits of the possible can only be defined by going beyond them into the impossible.
If you truly believe in the value of life, you care about all of the weakest and most vulnerable members of society.
Bitcoin represents the first major breakthrough in economics and finance since double-entry bookkeeping was invented in 1494, and activists need to embrace its power.
I have a lot of courage. I'm a realist.
Health is never going to go out of fashion.
Together, we have the power to inspire, connect, and deliver on new opportunities and rich experiences that can open doors to innovation and progress while growing global economies and increasing well-being.
Bipolar disorder, manic depression, depression, black dog, whatever you want to call it, is inherent in our society. It's a product of stress and in my case over-work.
The Holocaust was an obscene period in our nation's history. I mean in this century's history. But we all lived in this century. I didn't live in this century.
Every man gotta right to decide his own destiny.
Wit is the lowest form of humor.
Happy are those who dare courageously to defend what they love.
The memoirs that have come out of Africa are sometimes startlingly beautiful, often urgent, and essentially life-affirming, but they are all performances of courage and honesty.
The young people I know judge leaders by their deeds and abhor hypocrisy. Inconsistency and point-scoring do not win respect. It's not easy to be engaged in political debate when it is reduced to performers trying to outdo each other. Actions from leaders must mirror the values they claim to espouse.
All sides must learn to respect one another.
Jesus must have had a sense of humor. I like to think of Him as a guy who got people to listen to Him by leaving them laughing and chuckling with one another.
To regret fully is to appreciate how high the stakes are in even the average human life; fully experienced, it turns our eyes, attentive and alert, to a future possibly lived better than our past.
What is satire if not a marriage of civil disobedience to a laugh track, a potent brew of derision and lack of respect that acts as a nettle sting on the thin skin of the humourless?
People with no humor, they're outta my life.
Enjoy present pleasures in such a way as not to injure future ones.
'Fall Of A City' aims to convey, in all its emotional richness, the effects of war and the toll taken on city and family by the horrors of siege.
The best dating advice I can give is... are you going in it for marriage, or are you going in it for just a date? You've got to be open about it right away, because the other person could be in it for marriage, but you're not.
I'm not God - but I am something similar.
Adolescence represents an inner emotional upheaval, a struggle between the eternal human wish to cling to the past and the equally powerful wish to get on with the future.
In these dangerous times, where it seems the world is ripping apart at the seams, we can all learn how to survive from those who stare death squarely in the face every day, and we should reach out to each other and bond as a community, rather than hide from the terrors of life at the end of the millennium.
There is no need to worry about mere size. We do not necessarily respect a fat man more than a thin man. Sir Isaac Newton was very much smaller than a hippopotamus, but we do not on that account value him less.
No matter how love-sick a woman is, she shouldn't take the first pill that comes along.
If you die in an elevator, be sure to push the Up button.
There are over 200 million illiterate women in India. This low literacy negatively impacts not just their lives but also their families' and the country's economic development. A girl's lack of education also has a negative impact on the health and well-being of her children.
I actually see comedy in death.
I was born on January 8, 1942, exactly three hundred years after the death of Galileo. I estimate, however, that about two hundred thousand other babies were also born that day. I don't know whether any of them was later interested in astronomy.
I am politically pro-choice, but personally pro-life. I have my faith but refuse to force it on the world at large - especially this world, so brutal and unjust. I cannot make these wrenching personal life and death decisions for others - nor do I believe they should be made by a church run by childless men.
The ultimate value of life depends upon awareness and the power of contemplation rather than upon mere survival.
I've got a sense of humor. I'm a funny guy.
I will follow my father's footsteps by doing what is right, and God will take care of the rest. My father is my role model. My living role model is Cory Aquino.
Falling in love with God is the most important thing a person can do.
Courage is being scared to death... and saddling up anyway.
They respect rappers in the U.S., but in England, it's the Queen's country. She'll forever be putting out the message on these BBC networks that there's no hood: it's tea and red phoneboxes.
It's difficult to imagine the power that you're going to have when so many different sorts of data are available.
I'm the only person of distinction who has ever had a depression named for him.
If a work alienates a reader, should that be counted against it? I respect people that love 'Ulysses,' for example, but I'm on the other side of the argument. 'Ulysses' would be better if it seduced me. But I probably have the minority point of view.
My life is part humor, part roses, part thorns.
There are two kinds of man: the ones who make history and the ones who endure it.
Most of the State of the Union will not be about Iraq. Most of the State of the Union will be about improving America's economy and providing greater access to health care for millions of American people, including senior citizens.
When there are dogs and music, people have a good time.
If you go back to the history of the 'Madden' game, I was probably on the cover of it half the time. So if I was to believe there was a curse, I would also have to believe I'd been cursed. And I've never had that feeling.
Straight-up digital delivery will be the way the future works.
If there is no God, everything is permitted.
People come in and out of our lives, and the true test of friendship is whether you can pick back up right where you left off the last time you saw each other.
Human beings should be held accountable. Leave God alone. He has enough problems.
I'm a sarcastic person, and people don't get my humor sometimes.
After pop art, graffiti is probably the biggest art movement in recent history to have such an impact on culture.
All men that date me have to know that their name may end up in a pop song.
Lord, grant that I may always desire more than I can accomplish.
Christlike communications are expressions of affection and not anger, truth and not fabrication, compassion and not contention, respect and not ridicule, counsel and not criticism, correction and not condemnation. They are spoken with clarity and not with confusion. They may be tender or they may be tough, but they must always be tempered.
What do you say to a person who is going to their death? Normally, we would just say, 'Hang in there, keep your hope up,' because there is hope until the very last second.
My family lived off the land and summer evening meals featured baked stuffed tomatoes, potato salad, corn on the cob, fresh shelled peas and homemade ice cream with strawberries from our garden. With no air conditioning in those days, the cool porch was the center of our universe after the scorching days.
The only difference between the saint and the sinner is that every saint has a past, and every sinner has a future.
No matter how busy you are, you must take time to make the other person feel important.
President Obama and our all-of-the-above energy strategy is the real deal. We are proud of the fact that we are importing less oil than at any time in modern history, and it has been because of the president's vision and courage.
My husband's a little younger than me. When I first started dating him, I just fell mad for him. I made a deal with myself: I was like, 'I'm not gonna get weird about what the future might be. I'm just going to be in every moment I can and enjoy us to the fullest.' I told him that, too.
The megalomaniac differs from the narcissist by the fact that he wishes to be powerful rather than charming, and seeks to be feared rather than loved. To this type belong many lunatics and most of the great men of history.
Infant mortality and life expectancy are reasonable indicators of general well-being in a society.
You're not going to see my sense of humor on the football field. That's not a place for me to joke around.
I saw many people who had advanced heart disease and I was so frustrated because I knew if they just knew how to do the right thing, simple lifestyle and diet steps, that the entire trajectory of their life and health would have been different.
Abuse of words has been the great instrument of sophistry and chicanery, of party, faction, and division of society.
I made education the highest priority of my campaign - actually education and jobs - and the reason is a simple one: I think the future of America depends on it.
I worked with Paul McCartney for a while and saw what it does to you to be treated like a god for twenty years.
We lean on each other when we are going through hard days. We are a family.
I have an immense amount of respect for acting. I've always loved movies and was always fascinated by movie-making. But to become an actor, I wanted to commit myself.
I am a Christian person, and I do love the Lord, and I feel no matter who you are, what you believe, how you live your life, it's not my place to judge. I don't have that power. I don't want that power. It's my place to love and to show God's love to other people, even if they don't live a life like I live.
Black Lives Matter is not just concerned with what happens in policing. The disregard, the disrespect, and the lack of dignity for black life transcends through the fabric of our society.
My goal in my career is to inspire people, is to get my music out there and have people enjoy it, and have people think of me as an inspirational artist.
The 21st century is going to be the American century. Because we lead not only by the example of our power, but by the power of our example. That is the history of the journey of America.
The sigh of History rises over ruins, not over landscapes, and in the Antilles there are few ruins to sigh over, apart from the ruins of sugar estates and abandoned forts.
A revolution is a struggle to the death between the future and the past.
From birth to death, anyone can fish. I just think it's fantastic to see old people going fishing with young people and teaching them things. I'm very, very critical.
The future ain't what it used to be.
If we vote to Leave and take back control, all sorts of opportunities open up. Including doing new free trade deals around the world, restoring Britain's seat on all sorts of international bodies, restoring health to our democracy and belief to our democracy.
There was a time when people felt the internet was another world, but now people realise it's a tool that we use in this world.
It's weird, I never wish anything bad upon anybody, except two or three old girlfriends.
If we were logical, the future would be bleak, indeed. But we are more than logical. We are human beings, and we have faith, and we have hope, and we can work.
The future will be better tomorrow.
A great revolution in just one single individual will help achieve a change in the destiny of a society and, further, will enable a change in the destiny of humankind.
When we have done our best, we can, as a united people, take whatever may befall with calm courage and confidence that this old nation will survive and if death should come to many of us, death is not the end.
We have eyes, and we're looking at stuff all the time, all day long. And I just think that whatever our eyes touch should be beautiful, tasteful, appealing, and important.
If you want to know what God thinks of money, look at the people He gives it to.
I did not become a vegetarian for my health, I did it for the health of the chickens.
There is also this benefit in brag, that the speaker is unconsciously expressing his own ideal. Humor him by all means, draw it all out, and hold him to it.
It's a social contract we make. We're willing to give up certain things. We give you the right to tax us. We give you the right to lock us up. We give you the right to put us on surveillance, search our homes, whatever and, in exchange, we get a functioning society that keeps us relatively safe, and that's the tradeoff we make.
Have you not noticed that love is silence? It may be while holding the hand of another, or looking lovingly at a child, or taking in the beauty of an evening. Love has no past or future, and so it is with this extraordinary state of silence.
You can't have public health without a public health system. We just don't want to be part of a mindless competition for resources. We want to build back capacity in the system.
God and Nature first made us what we are, and then out of our own created genius we make ourselves what we want to be. Follow always that great law. Let the sky and God be our limit and Eternity our measurement.
Being rich is a good thing. Not just in the obvious sense of benefitting you and your family, but in the broader sense. Profits are not a zero sum game. The more you make, the more of a financial impact you can have.
There are still many causes worth sacrificing for, so much history yet to be made.
This is my work ethic: I do not want to raise my future kids where I was raised, and I know the only way to do it is working, working, working, working, working.
You never know the plan. You never know what's going to happen. We are not even promised tomorrow. I just try to focus on one day at a time.
We should seek by all means in our power to avoid war, by analysing possible causes, by trying to remove them, by discussion in a spirit of collaboration and good will.
I feel like I'm too busy writing history to read it.
Forecasting our futures is built into our psyches because we will soon have to manage that future. We have no choice. No matter how often we fail, we can never stop trying.
Who asks whether the enemy was defeated by strategy or valor?
The Democratic Party is made up of trial lawyers, labor unions, government employees, big city political machines, the coercive utopians, the radical environmentalists, feminists, and others who want to restructure society with tax dollars and government fiat.
One of the things that I did before I ran for president is I was a professional speaker. Not a motivational speaker - an inspirational speaker. Motivation comes from within. You have to be inspired. That's what I do. I inspire people, I inspire the public, I inspire my staff. I inspired the organizations I took over to want to succeed.
When I met Bono at the Cannes Film festival while I was there for the film 'United 93,' he said to me, 'That's a great film, brother. Thank you for your courage in making it.' I plotzed.
Birth was the death of him.
Bullying is the result of an unequal power dynamic - the strong attacking the weak.
It's almost mind-boggling how time flies.
We should seek international support for our mutual objectives abroad, in promoting freedom, democracy, respect for human rights, and also the elimination of weapons of mass destruction.
Misty Copeland is making history. During American Ballet Theatre's current season at the Metropolitan Opera House, Copeland will alight on that storied Lincoln Center stage, making her New York debut as the Swan Queen in the iconic masterpiece Swan Lake - a crowning achievement for any dancer, regardless of the color of her skin.
In sitcoms, the women are so beautiful, understanding and well-bred. They have humor, but sort of display it with a twinkle of the eye and not a guffaw. But there's no juice in that for me.
I work out not to lose weight but to maintain my good health. And anyway, if I did want to lose weight, it would be no one's decision but my own.
It is an extra dividend when you like the girl you've fallen in love with.
We must go fast, because the race is against time.
There's a wider agenda that speaks to what the Democratic Party has historically stood for, which are economic rights for those who are struggling in the middle class, concern for the poor, for economic justice for those who are marginalized in our society.
When we tackle obstacles, we find hidden reserves of courage and resilience we did not know we had. And it is only when we are faced with failure do we realise that these resources were always there within us. We only need to find them and move on with our lives.
Fashion is my passion, and I respect the creativity that you find in its different levels.
Soros has taught me that when you have tremendous conviction on a trade, you have to go for the jugular. It takes courage to be a pig. It takes courage to ride a profit with huge leverage.
You don't have to be fearless to do anything; you can be scared out of your mind. I fear that I won't get better and that I won't have time to practice. To be called a 'jazz musician' - it's a big responsibility.
I have never felt more confident in myself, more clear on who I am as a woman. But I am constantly thinking about my own health and making sure that I'm eating right and getting exercise and watching the aches and pains. I want to be this really fly 80-90-year old.
'Back To Love' is a way of letting people know that sometimes you get caught up in trying to be successful in school or in your social life, and it's a reminder not to forget that each day people are getting older. Nobody is promised tomorrow, so we should make sure that we spend quality time with quality people.
I'm not really religious but very spiritual. I give money to this company that manufactures hearing aids on a regular basis. More people should really hear me sing. I have a gift from God.
I respect everybody, but at the same time, I carry myself with an aura that demands respect, too.
I think a nice romantic dinner should be saved for when you and the girl you're dating or seeing have something special and it's a more special occasion.
I have to thank the fans very much for singing my name. Really, I respect it a lot.
God is the tangential point between zero and infinity.
I come from a family of losers, and I've rejected my family as something I don't want to be like.
And I would be the first to admit that probably, in a lot of press conferences over the time that I have been in coaching, indulging my own sense of humor at press conferences has not been greatly to my benefit.
Great tragedy has come to us, and we are meeting it with the best that is in our country, with courage and concern for others because this is America. This is who we are.
Jerry Ford is so dumb he can't fart and chew gum at the same time.
I can't even explain to you how terrible that feels, that I equate dating a woman with punishment, shame, guilt, disappointment, reproach, reprimand, persecution. It's a nightmare.
Part of my humor is the fact that I love coming out of left field. I don't want people to expect what is going to happen next.
I strongly believe vengeance is not mine; it is for God to decide.
My great hope is to laugh as much as I cry; to get my work done and try to love somebody and have the courage to accept the love in return.
A great part of courage is the courage of having done the thing before.
My home has three-tier security, which is valuable to me considering I get five death threats a month.
I love studying Ancient History and seeing how empires rise and fall, sowing the seeds of their own destruction.
The basic assumption of the secular society is that modernity overcomes religion.
In personal life, the warm glow of nostalgia amplifies good memories and minimizes bad ones about experiences and relationships, encouraging us to revisit and renew our ties with friends and family. It always involves a little harmless self-deception, like forgetting the pain of childbirth.
Sometimes people ask me how difficult the astronaut program was, but being in Sierra Leone, being responsible for the health of more than 200 people, seven days a week, 24 hours a day, 365 days a year, at age 26 - that prepared me to take on a lot of different challenges.
My mom is proud of me. I just want to keep working hard so one day I can help my family. I am going to get a big house one day, and we all can stay in it and eat.
Plant the seed of desire in your mind and it forms a nucleus with power to attract to itself everything needed for its fulfillment.
There comes a time in the history of nations when fear and forgetfulness cause a nation to hesitate, to waver, and perhaps even to succumb. When that time comes, those who love liberty must rise to the occasion. Will you lovers of liberty rise to the occasion?
The laws only can determine the punishment of crimes, and the authority of making penal laws can only reside with the legislator, who represents the whole society united by the social compact.
It is important to remember the purpose of health care reform: to make sure Americans have access to quality, affordable health care - especially those individuals who were being denied by their insurance companies because they weren't profitable customers.
'Christian Mingle' is about a young, modern, single woman. She's trying to achieve it all - a successful career, amazing friends, and finding Mr. Right. She stumbles into the world of online dating looking for an instant 'soul mate solution,' but ultimately ends up taking a personal journey transforming her life.
The more I draw and write, the more I realise that accidents are a necessary part of any creative act, much more so than logic or wisdom. Sometimes a mistake is the only way of arriving at an original concept, and the history of successful inventions is full of mishaps, serendipity and unintended results.
I don't think people are going to talk in the future. They're going to communicate through eye contact, body language, emojis, signs.
Never forget the power of silence, that massively disconcerting pause which goes on and on and may at last induce an opponent to babble and backtrack nervously.
In the future society, i.e. the communist society that we want to build, we are not going to establish charity institution, as there shall be no needy or poor, and no alms-giving and alms-taking.
It's the same each time with progress. First they ignore you, then they say you're mad, then dangerous, then there's a pause and then you can't find anyone who disagrees with you.
In looking for humor, keep in mind this guideline: Sometimes it takes a little time to see the humor in your upsets; you may not find something to laugh about immediately.
Let's cultivate an environment, not just in beauty pageants but in society in general, where we argue like we're right but listen like we're wrong.
I love making new friends and I respect people for a lot of different reasons.
I haven't been faithful to my own advice in the past. I will in the future.
We were marooned in a frozen desert. There was not a sign of life on the horizon and a thousand signs of death... The marvel is we did not all die of cold.
In raising children, we need to continuously keep in mind how we can best create the most favorable environment for their imitative behavior. Everything done in the past regarding imitation must become more and more conscious and more and more consciously connected with the future.
I'm just trying to approach what I make with as much respect and research as I can, and just make it with a good heart.
A place for everything, everything in its place.
Each one of us is an outlet to God and an inlet to God.
Every reign must submit to a greater reign.
The better we understand how identities and power work together from one context to another, the less likely our movements for change are to fracture.
With each passing decade, history becomes less real for us, less immediate and essential to our way of life, and so, like 'green' nature, more of a commodity or an advertising gimmick.
Money is the barometer of a society's virtue.
I respect the people who buy my records and come to my concerts. It's only fair that I always try to give them the very best that's in me. After all, I need them more than they need me.
When I was at Brown, I wanted to write the great American novel, but I was too scared to take a creative course. I signed up for one, got in, and just didn't have the courage to go. I was a tremendously shy person, almost pathologically shy. The thought of peers critiquing my work - oh, God.
Finding a way to find humor in things that are hardcore is definitely something that, I think, the sitcom does best.
One of the hardest questions I have been asked is 'How will you manage the army if you are having menstrual cramps?' I have also been asked if I will have the courage to face criminals. My answer is that courage is not a matter of gender.
Married people should not be quick to hear what is said by either when in ill humor.
In fact history does not belong to us; but we belong to it.
Just as you wouldn't leave the house without taking a shower, you shouldn't start the day without at least 10 minutes of sacred practice: prayer, meditation, inspirational reading.
We actually say in 'Nightbreed,' 'God is an astronaut, Oz is over the rainbow, and Midian is where the monsters go.' There's a lovely sense in which there's a simple thesis being played out here. These are things you understand as a child out on the play yard.
Without women to nurture in this world, how do - how do men get by? How do children get by? How does society get by at all?
When I remember my family, I always remember their backs. They were always indignantly leaving places.
You want to shut up every Negro who has the courage to stand up and fight for the rights of his people, for the rights of workers, and I have been on many a picket line for the steelworkers too.
When I first started working on 'Staying Dead,' I got some well-meaning but negative feedback from industry folk because - back in 2001 - epic fantasy was still the big thing, alternate history a tight runner-up.
I have the greatest respect for Aborigine people, to whom I owe everything. The time I spent with members of the Pijantjatjara and Pintupi tribes in Australia was a transformative experience for me and one that has deeply and indelibly informed my entire life and art.
All the great works of art, the cathedrals - the Gothic cathedrals and the splendid Baroque churches - are a luminous sign of God, and thus are truly a manifestation, an epiphany of God.
For God's sake hold your tongue, and let me love.
There have to be reasons that you get up in the morning and you want to live. Why do you want to live? What's the point? What inspires you? What do you love about the future? If the future does not include being out there among the stars and being a multi-planet species, I find that incredibly depressing.
Know what's important and what isn't. Have the wisdom to know the right thing to do, the integrity to do it, the character to stand up to those who don't, and the courage to stop those who won't.
The closer we come to the negative, to death, the more we blossom.
I always wanted to be a farmer. There is a tradition of that in my family.
Even God lends a hand to honest boldness.
I was an Evertonian as a kid, but I've never hated Man United. I've always had respect for them.
It's the boring things that mean a lot to me. I enjoy taking my sisters to eat. Or sitting watching TV with my family.
I am thankful for all the blessings and talents I have been given, but most of all I am thankful for my loving and supportive family.
One of my fondest memories growing up in Rwanda was seeing everyone participating in community-building activities. This happened every Saturday at the end of month. People work together in cleaning streets, planting trees, and take care of each other by facilitating productive conversations and actions that are beneficial for the society.
It is said that the present is pregnant with the future.
When people talk about the impact of mobile dating, everyone focuses on real-time meeting - this idea that my pocket will vibrate every time a hot girl walks by. That's important. But it's not transformative.
That's where the future lies, in the youth of today.
If you're funny and working in education, I think the perception is that you're either inspirational or awful. So which was I? I suppose that depends on who you talk to.
We have also arranged things so that almost no one understands science and technology. This is a prescription for disaster. We might get away with it for a while, but sooner or later this combustible mixture of ignorance and power is going to blow up in our faces.
I know a man who gave up smoking, drinking, sex, and rich food. He was healthy right up to the day he killed himself.
Are you in earnest? Seize this very minute! Boldness has genius, power, and magic in it. Only engage, and then the mind grows heated. Begin, and then the work will be completed.
Our dead are never dead to us, until we have forgotten them.
It is the quality of our work which will please God and not the quantity.
We were born to die and we die to live. As seedlings of God, we barely blossom on earth; we fully flower in heaven.
The United States has a long tradition of preserving the all-American outdoor experience, dating back to the days of President Theodore Roosevelt.
We had every problems starting a big top could have. The tent fell down on the first day. We had problems getting people into the shows. It was only with the courage and arrogance of youth that we survived.
No one deserves to die alone. No matter who you are, you deserve to have someone by your side. And as a volunteer with hospice, we provide that love, comfort, and respect.
Here in Israel, we want the boys back home, we demand it from our government, who often pay a steep price to get hostages back. But we need a happy ending. We don't want to deal with those days after release, their post-trauma or reintroduction to society. Yet coming home is only the start of their journey.
My trust in a higher power that wants me to survive and have love in my life, is what keeps me moving forward.
I really never look at my health issues as 'Woe is me.' I've seen the reality of that. And it's not a pleasant thing.
Nothing can add more power to your life than concentrating all your energies on a limited set of targets.
So if I was dating somebody now and the relationship didn't work out, I'd take that as failing.
Every time I start to get worked up over something, I just think to myself, 'Is this really going to matter in my life tomorrow, in an hour, in a year?' You just can't get stressed about the little things 'cause it's just not worth it at the end of the day.
I'll let you in on a secret: I can't stand Jay Ward. I hate being compared to Rocky and Bullwinkle. It's just a different style of humor.
To just meet people that have Crohn's or colitis and to hear their stories gives me a lot of hope and a lot of courage.
The United Nations was founded in the aftermath of World War II, just as the world was beginning to learn the full horrors of history's worst genocide, the Holocaust that consumed 6 million Jews and 3 million others in Europe.
Monotony collapses time; novelty unfolds it. You can exercise daily and eat healthily and live a long life, while experiencing a short one. If you spend your life sitting in a cubicle and passing papers, one day is bound to blend unmemorably into the next - and disappear.
I have a lot of respect for PM Narendra Modi, as he works hard day and night and doesn't sleep more than 4 hours. So I am thinking of gifting him chewing gum, as he will chew that and will take rest and take care of his health.
Sleep is essential for the body and mind and restful sleep is one of the foundations of good health. Recharging and rejuvenating body and mind sufficiently every night is important for better quality of life.
Supported by digital data, new data-driven tools, and payment policies that reward improving the quality and value of care, doctors, hospitals, patients, and entrepreneurs across the nation are demonstrating that smarter, better, more accessible, and more proactive care is the best way to improve quality and control health care costs.
Do you realize that if you fall into a black hole, you will see the entire future of the Universe unfold in front of you in a matter of moments and you will emerge into another space-time created by the singularity of the black hole you just fell into?
Success in creating AI would be the biggest event in human history. Unfortunately, it might also be the last, unless we learn how to avoid the risks.
John Cena I respect, but he know he never get out of my camel clutch and I can break his back.
Time goes on. So whatever you're going to do, do it. Do it now. Don't wait.
I've always had the utmost respect and awe of what the lens can do and what a director can do with just a camera move.
God is to me the Great Unknown. I believe in Him, but I find Him not.
Humor and laughter - not necessarily derogatory derision - are my pet tools. This may come from my general philosophy of never taking the world too seriously - for fear of dying of boredom.
Of all the tough decisions in life, choosing between the job you need and the family you love should not be one of them.
To be a Negro in this country and to be relatively conscious is to be in a rage almost all the time.
Connectivity enables transparency for better government, education, and health.
You don't choose your family. They are God's gift to you, as you are to them.
By the very nature of satire or parody, you have to love and respect your target and respect it enough to understand every aspect of it, so you can more effectively make fun of it.
Ethnic diversity adds richness to a society.
If the same punishment is prescribed for two crimes that injure society in different degrees, then men will face no stronger deterrent from committing the greater crime if they find it in their advantage to do so.
The human race's prospects of survival were considerably better when we were defenceless against tigers than they are today when we have become defenceless against ourselves.
Even after all this time, the sun never says to the earth, 'You owe me.' Look what happens with a love like that. It lights the whole sky.
There is nothing in this world that I love more than my family. To be able to share the joy of running with them at the Runner's World Half Marathon and Running Festival where we can all participate together is as close as you can get to a perfect weekend.
I love the diversity of America. I love the plain, normal sense of humor Americans have. It is not wicked, like in some countries. And I also love how new America is.
War paralyzes your courage and deadens the spirit of true manhood.
Watching your daughter being collected by her date feels like handing over a million dollar Stradivarius to a gorilla.
Social media is a very, very powerful tool. It also gives power to tools.
Leadership requires the courage to make decisions that will benefit the next generation.
The results of inequity and bias impact everything from suspension rates, to housing access, to health outcomes, to medical interventions, to job opportunity and promotions, to criminal sentencing, and even to the very safety of the water one drinks and air one breathes.
We here highly resolve that these dead shall not have died in vain - that this nation, under God, shall have a new birth of freedom - and that government of the people, by the people, for the people, shall not perish from the earth.
In this bright future you can't forget your past.
I was a little doubtful about the propriety of going to the Mammoth Cave without a gentleman escort, but if two ladies travel alone they must have the courage of men.
History is indeed little more than the register of the crimes, follies, and misfortunes of mankind.
What online dating did was offer me the opportunity to go out with a bunch of different people from different industries; I really didn't want to limit myself with people who are in the entertainment industry.
When somebody who makes movies for a living - either as an actor, writer, producer or director - lives to be a certain age, you have to admire them. It is an act of courage to make a film - a courage for which you are not prepared in the rest of life. It is very hard and very destructive. But we do it because we love it.
You must do the things you think you cannot do.
I don't have no fear of death. My only fear is coming back reincarnated.
During the time men live without a common power to keep them all in awe, they are in that conditions called war; and such a war, as if of every man, against every man.
We learned to be patient observers like the owl. We learned cleverness from the crow, and courage from the jay, who will attack an owl ten times its size to drive it off its territory. But above all of them ranked the chickadee because of its indomitable spirit.
Media is a double-edged sword and has the power to change hearts and minds through authentic storytelling as well as the power to paint a person, or an entire community, in a dim and misleading light.
I will never be a fan of any kind of political correctness: I think it's instant death to creativity.
I believe that God put us in this jolly world to be happy and enjoy life.
People out there with pre-existing conditions, they are worried. Are they going to have the guarantee of coverage if they have a pre-existing condition or if they live in a state where the governor decides that's not a part of the health care, or that the prices are going to go up? That's the worry.
You shall love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your might. And these words that I command you today shall be on your heart. You shall teach them diligently to your children, and shall talk of them when you sit in your house, and when you walk by the way, and when you lie down, and when you rise.
With all due respect, the Mona Lisa is overrated.
Writing a novel is one of those modern rites of passage, I think, that lead us from an innocent world of contentment, drunkenness, and good humor, to a state of chronic edginess and the perpetual scanning of bank statements.
We're all burdened by our history of racial inequality. It's created a kind of smog that we all breathe in, and it has prevented us from being healthy.
In my early days in school, I had no shoes, no school bags. There were days I had only one meal... I walked miles and crossed rivers to school every day. Didn't have power, didn't have generators, studied with lanterns, but I never despaired.
Through hard work, perseverance and a faith in God, you can live your dreams.
The pathway to a more sustainable future for all children must include access to the basic building blocks of good health, including nutrition, water, and immunizations.
Roosevelt's declaration that Americans had 'nothing to fear but fear itself' was a glorious piece of inspirational rhetoric and just as gloriously wrong.
True respect means taking other people's beliefs seriously and assuming they are adult and intelligent enough to be able to cope with it if you tell them, clearly and civility, why you think they are totally, utterly and disastrously wrong.
Sometimes you've got to know when it's time to leave the party.
If you can't respect me, you have to respect the law.
The best moderators are the moderators who are essentially invisible. A moderator who is there to be seen and heard and to be talked about either, 'oh, God, what a great question,' or, 'oh, God, what a lousy question,' that to me is a failed moderator.
I think women think I'm inspirational because I'm unapologetic. I have cellulite. I have back fat. I've got a thick stomach. But I work my body like I don't because I don't know any other body. I don't know how to feel thin. I just know how to feel like Ashley.
They had taken me to an exhibit called 'Psychiatry: Industry of Death' on Hollywood Boulevard, where a Scientologist told me psychiatrists set up the Holocaust. I feared I was being brain-washed. And then I lost it - big time.
My family is always my priority.
Words to me were magic. You could say a word and it could conjure up all kinds of images or feelings or a chilly sensation or whatever. It was amazing to me that words had this power.
It's great to be able to connect parents with children both emotionally and through humor. I look forward to exploring family entertainment once again and examining the specifics of our day-to-day lives against the backdrop of an extraordinary adventure.
When I speak of 'cycles,' I am referring to lengthy intervals of relative homogeneity, if not in the resolving of problems, than at least with respect to the consistency of their capacity to productively irritate.
I'm a big fan of gallows humor. When my aunt passed away, she was in a coma for a day before my cousins pulled the plug. And the amount of joking and base humor that went on that day around her bed was so insane. It's crazy how people talk when something horrible is happening.
I think that the future of currency is digital, and Bitcoin has a good shot at being the currency of the future.
When men and women are able to respect and accept their differences then love has a chance to blossom.
Unless and until our society recognizes cyber bullying for what it is, the suffering of thousands of silent victims will continue.
The past, like the future, is indefinite and exists only as a spectrum of possibilities.
All my life, men have told me I wasn't pretty enough - even the men I was dating. And I'd be like, 'Well, why are you with me, then?' It's always been men putting me down just like my dad. To this day when someone says I'm cute, I can't see it. I don't see it no matter what anybody says.
Let us not seek the Republican answer or the Democratic answer, but the right answer. Let us not seek to fix the blame for the past. Let us accept our own responsibility for the future.
Women take so long to get ready, but when they get out of the bathroom, they look smokin' hot. That's the struggle of men throughout history, waiting by the door. The wait is so worth it. Always.
One thing I never worry about is money, because I have my health and my family, and I can always go back to work.
Brain power improves by brain use, just as our bodily strength grows with exercise. And there is no doubt that a large proportion of the female population, from school days to late middle age, now have very complicated lives indeed.
The American people voted to restore integrity and honesty in Washington, D.C., and the Democrats intend to lead the most honest, most open and most ethical Congress in history.
Dost thou love life? Then do not squander time, for that is the stuff life is made of.
I have a hippopotamus skull next to my bed, called Gregory. When I was six, my three sisters and I clubbed together and paid 4 for it in a junk shop. We collected owl pellets, ostrich eggs and sheep skulls for our natural history museum at home.
At Netflix, we realized that we weren't in business with the Toshibas and the Sonys of the world. We were in business with the guy sitting at home trying to find a DVD to watch. If we had the courage to focus on him, everyone - movie studios, electronics companies, Netflix itself - won.
Don't waste time on jealousy. Sometimes you're ahead, sometimes you're behind.
Remember, each one of us has the power to change the world. Just start thinking peace, and the message will spread quicker than you think.
This is how you start to get respect: by offering something that you have.
Guilt is just as powerful, but its influence is positive, while shame's is destructive. Shame erodes our courage and fuels disengagement.
Drown in a cold vat of whiskey? Death, where is thy sting?
Courage is found in unlikely places.
Child labor and poverty are inevitably bound together and if you continue to use the labor of children as the treatment for the social disease of poverty, you will have both poverty and child labor to the end of time.
I was the youngest of four kids, and Dad, who had a garden centre before he retired, came from a large Lancashire family. Every one of my uncles had their own business, including a post office, two fish and chip shops and a painting and decorating business.
Lee's great gifts are teaching and inspirational guidance, not administration and management.
I'm 23 years old. I might just be my mother's child, but in all reality, I'm everybody's child. Nobody raised me; I was raised in this society.
If I get married in the future, I want to have a relationship like friends with my other half. It'd be best if we can communicate often.
This is the power of gathering: it inspires us, delightfully, to be more hopeful, more joyful, more thoughtful: in a word, more alive.
Salvation cannot be bought with the currency of obedience; it is purchased by the blood of the Son of God. Thinking that we can trade our good works for salvation is like buying a plane ticket and then supposing we own the airline. Or thinking that after paying rent for our home, we now hold title to the entire planet earth.
Western civilization, unfortunately, does not link knowledge and morality but rather, it connects knowledge and power and makes them equivalent.
Life is God's novel. Let him write it.
You can't change history. These things happened the way they did. What you can change is how you look at it and how you understand that it takes the good moments and it takes the difficult moments to move forward.
Maintaining good health should be the primary focus of everyone.
Art is a collaboration between God and the artist, and the less the artist does the better.
To be one, to be united is a great thing. But to respect the right to be different is maybe even greater.
I believe family first. Blood is thicker than water. I grew up like that, and I want to continue to keep that goal in my heart. Just family first! Just honesty, integrity, and respect. All of that. I live by the code of those things. If you do that you'll be fine.
Hide nothing, for time, which sees all and hears all, exposes all.
Lying is a cooperative act. Think about it. A lie has no power whatsoever by its mere utterance. Its power emerges when someone else agrees to believe the lie.
After a number of years dating, we decided we were good partners.
It's been a long comeback. Things were pretty dark for me. But I have a faith now, and it saves my day. I was angry with God for a long time because I was unhappy with me. I hadn't learned to make the distinction between God and my parents. But there's a peace now. In the end, I got sick and tired of being sick and tired.
If you forget your history, you forget who you are.
There are two kinds of women, those who want power in the world and those who want power in bed.
I shall ask for the abolition for the punishment of death until I have the infallibility of human judgment demonstrated to me.
Relationships in general make people a bit nervous. It's about trust. Do I trust you enough to go there?
Automation is great for profits, but it's a real potential trouble area for society.
Work hard. Treat everybody with respect. That's really what it comes down to.
I love a girl with a sense of humor. Someone who can make me laugh and that I can get along with and talk with and who is just sweet overall, inside and out.
I think Canadian humor is a little less broad than American humor.
God gave me a voice to sing with, and when you have that, what other gimmick is there?
My dad is and was very funny and had a really dry sense of humor, which, as a kid, seemed un-fun. But in retrospect, it's kind of hilarious.
As I tell my children, the first thing is always health. Get sleep, don't party, don't do drugs or drink. If your body is right, then you will be right, and if your body is wrong, you will be wrong. Live like a Buddhist monk!
The power which establishes a state is violence; the power which maintains it is violence; the power which eventually overthrows it is violence.
We have come to the edge of the abyss and now it is time for a bold step forward. There is a political view that the tougher you are, the more credible you are.
Men talk of killing time, while time quietly kills them.
History is a race between education and catastrophe.
Pay mind to your own life, your own health, and wholeness. A bleeding heart is of no help to anyone if it bleeds to death.
The Bible is one of the greatest blessings bestowed by God on the children of men. It has God for its author; salvation for its end, and truth without any mixture for its matter. It is all pure.
Times and conditions change so rapidly that we must keep our aim constantly focused on the future.
The Jewish community is all about love and family, which is the most important thing in my life, too.
The difference between the greats and the legends is their ability to focus for longer periods of time.
We live in a society that, for the most part, is morally and spiritually bankrupt. Our culture is a culture of consumerism. How sustainable is that?
Some people never contribute anything positive to society, they may even drain our resources, but most of us try to do something better, to give back.
Patient autonomy is paramount to the oath that we take when we enter the profession of medicine. That is why I am appalled when the federal government gets between my patients and their right to the full range of medical information and complete access to health care.
I'm sure that I am enjoying my sobriety. And respect it. If you've been through what I've been through, then you really do treasure it.
'Star Wars' is fun, its exciting, its inspirational, and people respond to that. It's what they want.
You're talking to someone who has been married to various people for the last 40 years of her life. Dating is not really something familiar. I've never really been a dater.
A library is a place that is a repository of information and gives every citizen equal access to it. That includes health information. And mental health information. It's a community space. It's a place of safety, a haven from the world.
We are in the society of the teacher-judge, the doctor-judge, the educator-judge, the 'social-worker'-judge; it is on them that the universal reign of the normative is based; and each individual, wherever he may find himself, subjects to it his body, his gestures, his behavior, his aptitudes, his achievements.
When I started, I wanted to be thought of as tortured and seductive, not funny, but humor tends to be a reflexive part of a person's sensibility. It's an almost impossible thing to teach anyone, which leads me to believe that it's intuitive.
I stated that Hiroshima and Nagasaki are 'among the most unspeakable crimes in history.' I took no position on just where they stand on the scale of horrors relative to Auschwitz, the bombing of Chungking, Lidice, and so on.
One of the greatest gifts my father gave me - unintentionally - was witnessing the courage with which he bore adversity.
The Pope loves everyone, rich and poor alike, but the Pope has the duty, in Christ's name, to remind the rich to help the poor, to respect them, to promote them.
Personal health is related to self-control and to the worship of life in all its natural beauty - self-control bringing with it happiness, renewed youth, and long life.
The only religious way to think of death is as part and parcel of life.
I did my best, and God did the rest.
On sensitive issues, talk isn't cheap - it takes real courage to pry open topics nailed shut.
The thing with Elizabeth Warren that you have to keep in mind is she is very far left. I think a lot of folks who may have considered voting for someone like Joe Biden are going to be very turned off by ideas like universal health care, which would essentially force 200 million Americans off of private health insurance.
I mean, yeah, I'm sure that Python and the other things have paved the way for a greater understanding of the British sense of humor, but I don't think it's all that different than the American sense of humor.
During my childhood my family risked a lot financially. They put every single penny they could into my racing and also their free time was completely compromised.
Sleep is Mother Nature's best effort yet to counter death.
I'm not just a big-haired redhead country singer who dresses flamboyantly, has this wicked sense of humor and wears rhinestones.
Capitalism works better from every perspective when the economic decision makers are forced to share power with those who will be affected by those decisions.
Overcoming the Cold War required courage from the people of Central and Eastern Europe and what was then the German Democratic Republic, but it also required the steadfastness of Western partner over many decades when many had long lost hope of integration of the two Germanys and Europe.
I'm not saying dating is sinful, and I'm not saying a guy and a girl should never spend time alone together. I'm saying let's wait until we can be purposeful, so there's a reason behind our relationship, and we're not just stirring up passion for the sake of a good time.
There are two MFA programs here at the University of Texas, and I read on the jury of both of them. And it's amazing to me how many really talented young writers seem to fear humor.
To complain is always nonacceptance of what is. It invariably carries an unconscious negative charge. When you complain, you make yourself into a victim. When you speak out, you are in your power. So change the situation by taking action or by speaking out if necessary or possible; leave the situation or accept it. All else is madness.
Courage is action, not talk.
I say, don't try to fight your own battles because God will do it.
There is no greater power in Heaven or on Earth than pure, unconditional love. The nature of the God force, the unseen intelligence in all things, which causes the material world and is the center of both the spiritual and physical plane, is best described as pure, unconditional love.
When you're in Hollywood, you get sort of jaded about what you think the sense of humor of Hollywood is supposed to be, so you can't think outside the box.
During the Civil War, the fledgling Republican Party constructed the nation's first activist government, using taxes to fund social welfare legislation for the first time in American history.
You can't study comedy; it's within you. It's a personality. My humor is an attitude.
Friends are thieves of time.
It's not really about the competition. Your biggest challenge in a race is yourself. You're often racing against time. You're frequently running everything through your mind. You're always competing against preconceived ideas. It's not really the person next to you that you worry about.
I know that I'm here because of the grace of God. But I also know that I've been given this second chance for a specific reason, and that is to bring love to the world again through the voice of my music, and I'm so honored to be able to do it. I'm so blessed that God has chosen me to do that.
A good person can make another person good; it means that goodness will elicit goodness in the society; other persons will also be good.
Walking is magic. Can't recommend it highly enough. I read that Plato and Aristotle did much of their brilliant thinking together while ambulating. The movement, the meditation, the health of the blood pumping, and the rhythm of footsteps... this is a primal way to connect with one's deeper self.
Insomnia is a very prevalent issue. It's a women's health issue, and I chose to talk about it because so many people have experienced it to varying degrees. For me, I'm doing great now, but it took a lot of work to figure out how to get back to sleep. I had to change some of my habits. I developed some pretty bad sleep ritual habits.
Our society is used to judging content by its package and label.
The future has a way of arriving unannounced.
We must not confuse religion with God, or technology with science. Religion stands in relationship to God as technology does in relation to science. Both the conduct of religion and the pursuit of technology are capable of leading mankind into evil; but both can prompt great good.
There is no such thing as inner peace. There is only nervousness or death. Any attempt to prove otherwise constitutes unacceptable behavior.
I didn't have many friends; I might not have had any friends. But it all turned out good in the end, because when you aren't popular and you don't have a social life, it gives you more time to focus on your future.
Live your life that the fear of death can never enter your heart.
When decentralized blockchain protocols start displacing the centralized web services that dominate the current Internet, we'll start to see real internet-based sovereignty. The future Internet will be decentralized.
Beauty, n: the power by which a woman charms a lover and terrifies a husband.
I liked the premise of this material. I love the marriage relationship. They kind of keep each other honest, and they enjoy each other's sense of humor. Kind of a sexy but boring relationship.
The future of advertising is the Internet.
It's never guaranteed for somebody to be successful. It just really be God.
Obviously I do have political views - I'm a believer in the free-market economy; I also believe that without competition and respect for human rights there will be no progress because nobody will feel safe and free.
The EU is not a country and it's not going to become a country, in my view, now or ever in the future. It is a group of countries working together.
The humor is essentially dark for a cartoon and sophisticated. But at the same time, being a cartoon gives the writers more freedom than in a normal sitcom. It always pushes the line that, despite human failings, the Simpsons are really decent people.
If you could choose one characteristic that would get you through life, choose a sense of humor.
I believe God is managing affairs and that He doesn't need any advice from me. With God in charge, I believe everything will work out for the best in the end. So what is there to worry about.
The greatness of a man's power is the measure of his surrender.
Courage is knowing what not to fear.
The truth is an objective standard by which reality is measured; it's God's point of view on any subject.
Let us rise in the moral power of womanhood; and give utterance to the voice of outraged mercy, and insulted justice, and eternal truth, and mighty love and holy freedom.
You can get through very serious and sometimes horrible and sometimes embarrassing and very awkward situations with humor. It gives us a way out.
It is such a luxury to open a new book that's highly recommended by friends - either an inspirational yet humorously self-deprecating memoir, or a page-turning piece of fiction.
All over the world, independent and strong civil society - NGOs, faith leaders, and other community advocates - help governments solve problems and better serve their people better by shining a light on the issues that matter most - like education standards, access to healthcare, the rule of law, and economic opportunity.
The season of failure is the best time for sowing the seeds of success.
I do think that people have moments of realisation in real life - even if it's on their death beds - when they suddenly think, 'Jesus - what did I do?'
Society bristles with enigmas which look hard to solve. It is a perfect maze of intrigue.
Lo! The poor Indian, whose untutored mind sees God in clouds, or hears him in the wind.
I lost my father when I was 13 years old. He was a great man, my father, and very intelligent. I love him very much. I believe it's very important that parents have a personal connection with their children. It helps kids feel more secure, have a feeling of family, makes them feel loved.
Today I choose life. Every morning when I wake up I can choose joy, happiness, negativity, pain... To feel the freedom that comes from being able to continue to make mistakes and choices - today I choose to feel life, not to deny my humanity but embrace it.
America is an empire. I hope you know that now. All empires, by definition, are bumbling, shambolic, bullying, bureaucratic affairs, as certain of the rightness of their cause in infancy, as they are corrupted by power in their dotage.
Humor has always been important to me. If there is a shield of faith that you can keep up against difficulties, humor is the Teflon coating.
I have a 1969 Grammer Johnny Cash acoustic guitar, and it's so inspirational.
Nobody's all good or bad, and nobody's all light or dark. Every human being has so many different aspects and facets to them. And there can be something noble and something really dark and dangerous going on in a person all at the same time.
Every single place that's brushed upon me has made me the artist that I am - from Nigerian Highlife music and the vocal melodies that I grew up on when I would be sitting with my father and his fellow chiefs, to the funk and freeness of the Bay Area groove, to L.A.'s smooth G-funk legacy, Brooklyn's lyricism, and now Atlanta's trap history.
I don't know if it's changing already with 'Joanne,' but my intention is to bring people together that don't know each other and that would maybe feel awkward, but somehow be brought together by the music. That's what I wanted to do. Because that is pure and authentic to my family history and what I stand for.
Kindness is in our power, even when fondness is not.
I made a commitment to completely cut out drinking and anything that might hamper me from getting my mind and body together. And the floodgates of goodness have opened upon me - spiritually and financially.
Depending on where my self-confidence was, growing up, I would use humor either to bring people closer, or to keep them away from certain feelings I had.
God cannot alter the past, though historians can.
Death is a very dull, dreary affair, and my advice to you is to have nothing whatsoever to do with it.
The thing about death is it's so final, isn't it, really? As far as we know... Nobody has ever come back and told us about it.
Personally, I don't like a girlfriend to have a husband. If she'll fool her husband, I figure she'll fool me.
I always believe that the elders in my family are the reason for my success.
The ancients considered mechanics in a twofold respect: as rational, which proceeds accurately by demonstration, and practical. To practical mechanics all the manual arts belong, from which mechanics took its name.
In France, President Francois Hollande is leveraging the next wave of the Internet to jumpstart economic reforms and create jobs for hundreds of thousands of citizens. A historically socialist government, France has had the courage to quickly implement unique partnerships with the business community to drive entrepreneurial spirit and thinking.
An increased push for energy efficiency, renewable energy technology, electric mobility - along with the growing digitalization movement and a universal carbon pricing structure - would speed up the carbon-free future and the rise of a global middle class we desperately need. We can and must all do our part.
Where a man's strength and courage is tested most is in the way that he treats women - the way that he loves.
I did not write it. God wrote it. I merely did his dictation.
I'm Canadian. The only difference between dating American and Canadian guys is whether you'll be watching football or hockey. I have no preference.
America's health care system is neither healthy, caring, nor a system.
Power over others is weakness disguised as strength.
Once we believe in ourselves, we can risk curiosity, wonder, spontaneous delight, or any experience that reveals the human spirit.
Turing was a quite brilliant mathematician, most famous for his work on breaking the German Enigma codes. It is no exaggeration to say that, without his outstanding contribution, the history of the Second World War could have been very different.
Technology and robotics are advancing and will reduce the need for workers in the future.
Courage is a peculiar kind of fear.
There is no man more dangerous, in a position of power, than he who refuses to accept as a working truth the idea that all a man does should make for rightness and soundness, that even the fixing of a tariff rate must be moral.
It is a paradox that every dictator has climbed to power on the ladder of free speech. Immediately on attaining power each dictator has suppressed all free speech except his own.
Universal basic income is not a solution in search of a problem - it is the obvious solution that has been in front of us for years. It only requires us to have the vision, empathy and courage to adopt it for the American people before it is too late.
Humor expands our limited picture frame and gets us to see more than just our problem.
We are very much what others think of us. The reception our observations meet with gives us courage to proceed, or damps our efforts.
The man is meant to be the alpha in the relationship on the money and power front.
I've always been the type that, every few months, I'm like, 'Let's change the haircut one more time.'
The story being told in 'Star Wars' is a classic one. Every few hundred years, the story is retold because we have a tendency to do the same things over and over again. Power corrupts, and when you're in charge, you start doing things that you think are right, but they're actually not.
I know God's voice. I've seen God's hand. If the Lord is my helper, why should I be afraid?
The future will take care of itself. My plans have fallen flat. Nothing that I planned has worked for me so far. So I don't plan anymore. I keep short-term plans.
Nearly every moment of every day, we have the opportunity to give something to someone else - our time, our love, our resources.
I definitely respect the men and women who came before me and how much those people gave to me musically.
I truly enjoyed my time with Manson and have the greatest respect for the incredible fans. I am grateful to have contributed over two dozen songs to his projects. It was a great creative outlet for me at that point in my career.
A country grows in history not only because of the heroism of its troops on the field of battle, it grows also when it turns to justice and to right for the conservation of its interests.
All I care is that my family, and my loved ones, understand me. Or that they understand me to a degree - I don't understand me very much. And I don't need the world to understand me. That is the most egocentric thing.
When you focus on how wonderful God is and all the great things He's done... is doing... and even will do in your life, your natural response will be praise, adoration and awe. Don't let yourself ever get used to it... stay amazed!
Forever is composed of nows.
I cannot and will not recant anything, for to go against conscience is neither right nor safe. Here I stand, I can do no other, so help me God. Amen.
Knowledge will forever govern ignorance; and a people who mean to be their own governors must arm themselves with the power which knowledge gives.
I think Damien Hirst is hilarious. And I think he's a true artist. He's not hilarious first; I think he is a real artist, and I also think he's got an amazing sense of humor.
A friend who dies, it's something of you who dies.
I think being funny is not anyone's first choice.
What I really appreciate in my friends is that they really respect me.
I ain't scared to do another dating show, but I ain't really trying to. I want to do a talk show or something. I've done enough dating on television. I'm ready to spread my wings, and go down other avenues.
London has such an unbelievable respect for theater, where L.A. does not. You go to a play here, and the dude next to you is sleeping. In London, if you're not in your seat when it starts, they lock the door. In Los Angeles, you can stroll into school late with a cup of coffee. In London, you get your butt to class on time.
Journalism is about results. It's about affecting your community or your society in the most progressive way.
Keep your nose out the sky, keep your heart to god, and keep your face to the raising sun.
I always respect a woman.
I touch the future. I teach.
90 percent of my time is spent on 10 percent of the world.
My family has very strong women. My mother never laughed at my dream of Africa, even though everyone else did because we didn't have any money, because Africa was the 'dark continent', and because I was a girl.
The Enlightenment diamond-shaped society, with a huge, prosperous, socially-mobile, empowered middle class, is by far the most productive and creative system the world has ever seen.
Courage means to keep working a relationship, to continue seeking solutions to difficult problems, and to stay focused during stressful periods.
You cannot have maternal health without reproductive health. And reproductive health includes contraception and family planning and access to legal, safe abortion.
As a medical doctor, I have known the face of adversity. I have seen much of death and dying, suffering and sorrow. I also remember the plight of students overwhelmed by their studies and of those striving to learn a foreign language. And I recall the fatigue and frustration felt by young parents with children in need.
It takes courage to stay young, to make your enthusiasms work for you. Don't let anyone drag you down.
Future shock is the shattering stress and disorientation that we induce in individuals by subjecting them to too much change in too short a time.
I think the moments that are difficult for anybody are when you see what your life could be, if only you had the courage to take the steps needed.
The problem is when you are writing something in retrospective, it needs a lot of courage not to change, or you will forget a certain reality, and you will just take in consideration your view today.
I believe if you keep your faith, you keep your trust, you keep the right attitude, if you're grateful, you'll see God open up new doors.
No matter what you've done for yourself or for humanity, if you can't look back on having given love and attention to your own family, what have you really accomplished?
Regardless of who wins, an election should be a time for optimism and fresh approaches.
I've been dating since I was 15 years old, and I just don't seem to do it well.
When things are bad, it's the best time to reinvent yourself.
With the past, I have nothing to do; nor with the future. I live now.
History is a gallery of pictures in which there are few originals and many copies.
I know nothing of God or the Devil. I have never seen a vision nor learned a secret that would damn or save my soul.
We are not our own. We do not belong to ourselves. But we have been purchased with a dear price. We have cost an immense sum, even the sufferings and death of the Son of God.
Everyone has the ability to increase resilience to stress. It requires hard work and dedication, but over time, you can equip yourself to handle whatever life throws your way without adverse effects to your health. Training your brain to manage stress won't just affect the quality of your life, but perhaps even the length of it.
People can smell a lack of respect from a mile away.
If ants are such busy workers, how come they find time to go to all the picnics?
No family gets rich from earning the minimum wage. In fact, the current minimum wage does not even lift a family out of poverty.
Liberty for wolves is death to the lambs.
Death is a very important part of life.
There is always one moment in childhood when the door opens and lets the future in.
My father used to play with my brother and me in the yard. Mother would come out and say, 'You're tearing up the grass'; 'We're not raising grass,' Dad would reply. 'We're raising boys.'
Time flies when you're on an emotional roller coaster.
I truly believe that what we're seeing with online dating is very similar to what happened with the Myspace-Facebook era, where Myspace was once this place for online connecting for a very select group of young people. And then Facebook kind of hit at this moment where it was acceptable for everybody to do it.
There can be no great courage where there is no confidence or assurance, and half the battle is in the conviction that we can do what we undertake.
I discovered that no revival comes if we don't preach the Word of God under the anointing of the Holy Spirit. If we only have the Great Commission and only the Holy Spirit, we have power without purpose, or purpose without power. It is a package deal, and that is what God honors.
Acting changed my life. I say God and then acting. Because becoming an actor, I've gained a new respect for humanity. And I believe that it's also helped me to grow as a person. It's been one of the biggest blessings and expressions that I could have ever been gifted with.
Humor is a wonderful way to deal with our suffering because if we can laugh at our troubles, we can feel better. Thich Nhat Hanh is a special man who has helped millions with their suffering with incredible technique. But he doesn't know real suffering, because he has not dated as much as I have.
We now have to see our country surrender to the enemy without demonstrating our power up to 120 percent. We are now on a course for a humiliating peace - or, rather, a humiliating surrender.
It's really a testament to my parents, because I was active, curious and creative as a child, and my parents nurtured that. But I wouldn't say that I was a professional child actor at all. I was never the breadwinner of my family.
The principle of democracy is all about delegation of power by the vast majority of citizens through a few chosen representatives chosen on merit and competence.
Acting is really about having the courage to fail in front of people.
Pride is an independent, me-oriented spirit. It makes people arrogant, rude and hard to get along with. When our heart is prideful, we don't give God the credit and we mistreat people, looking down on them and thinking we deserve what we have.
The existing world economic order constitutes a system of plundering and exploitation like no other in history. Thus, the peoples believe less and less in statements and promises.
For years, I've worn my dainty gold bracelets with inspirational sayings and encouraging one-liners to motivate me in my career. I liked to look down at my wrist and be reminded of my goals.
I would rather live and love where death is king than have eternal life where love is not.
The history of astronomy is a history of receding horizons.
What I've always said is that I'm opposed to institutional racism, and I would've, had I've been alive at the time, I think, had the courage to march with Martin Luther King to overturn institutional racism, and I see no place in our society for institutional racism.
We live in a world at constant risk of public health emergencies. In our increasingly interconnected world, public health emergencies can affect anyone, anywhere.
Heroes represent the best of ourselves, respecting that we are human beings. A hero can be anyone from Gandhi to your classroom teacher, anyone who can show courage when faced with a problem. A hero is someone who is willing to help others in his or her best capacity.
The key to humor is often self-loathing or sarcasm. In a sense, that's how self-loathing is made palatable.
People think Selena and The Weeknd are dating for publicity, and that's not how things works. These are real human beings. They don't just date to get more famous. They're already the most famous artists!
Today, because of President Obama's courage, kids can stay on their parent's plan until they are 26. Insurers cannot kick you off your policy because you have hit your limit. They will not be able to deny you because you have a pre-existing condition.
Manchester's history is cotton and wool. Birmingham's is iron and steel.
I'm very lucky to have such a beautiful family.
Turn your face to the sun and the shadows fall behind you.
Strangers are exciting, their mystery never ends. But, there's nothing like looking at your own history in the faces of your friends.
Long hair is an unpardonable offence which should be punishable by death.
When we were in the Dark Ages, it was a question of humanity somehow managing to forget about itself. We put God in the centre of society, and people forgot about their own nature and desires. There was a huge deal of repression.
Chaos often breeds life, when order breeds habit.
A student who has excelled in the classroom should have the opportunity to attend college and become a productive, taxpaying member of society.
I don't understand why people say that I am full of courage. I feel terribly nervous.
If art is to nourish the roots of our culture, society must set the artist free to follow his vision wherever it takes him.
I would say just start writing. You've got to write every day. Copy someone that you like if you think that perhaps could become your sound, too. I did that with Hemingway, and I thought I was writing just like Hemingway. Then all of a sudden it occurred to me - he didn't have a sense of humor. I don't know anything he's written that's funny.
My wife and I have been together since 1986. I graduated in '86 and she graduated in '88. We began dating when she was 17. Actually she turned 18 when we started kissing and stuff.
Surrounded by all the members of my dear family, enjoying the affection of numerous friends, who have never abandoned me, and possessing a sufficient share of all that contributes to make life agreeable, I lift my grateful eyes towards the Supreme Being and feel that I am happy.
At Easter the family got together and we were giving one of my uncles a hard time about watching scary films because on the boat leaving Vietnam, when we were attacked by pirates, he wet his pants.
Soon we saw that money going to women brought much more benefit to the family than money going to the men. So we changed our policy and gave a high priority to women. As a result, now 96% of our four million borrowers in Grameen Bank are women.
Nothing matters more than your health. Healthy living is priceless. What millionaire wouldn't pay dearly for an extra 10 or 20 years of healthy aging?
It takes some courage to say you were wrong.
The people that I grew up with had no problem with my faith. They did, however, seem very concerned that I would starve to death during Ramadan. I would explain to them that I have enough fat to live off of for three whole months, so fasting from sunrise to sunset is a piece of cake.
In school, I studied psychology, linguistics, neuroscience. I understand that there is a real lack of respect for the brain.
Over the course of time this gave us a deep respect for ideas, both our own and those of others, and an understanding that conflict through debate is a powerful means of revealing truth.
The charm of history and its enigmatic lesson consist in the fact that, from age to age, nothing changes and yet everything is completely different.
Every charitable act is a stepping stone toward heaven.
I grew up in a very open-minded family. My father died when I was very little, so my mother was really, really incredibly busy trying to provide for us.
Doing good holds the power to transform us on the inside, and then ripple out in ever-expanding circles that positively impact the world at large.
We need the compassion and the courage to change the conditions that support our suffering. Those conditions are things like ignorance, bitterness, negligence, clinging, and holding on.
I just think the mood of the country is now that people don't necessarily want an elected official to tell them how they ought to cast their vote. Matter of fact, it's the opposite, and they want to express themselves, and they have a right to, and I'll respect their choice.
I wanted to prove the sustaining power of music.
The trouble with music appreciation in general is that people are taught to have too much respect for music they should be taught to love it instead.
I have a really dry sense of humor. I don't think it's funny when people wink at the camera. That's more of an actor thing, just committing to whatever the thing is.
I love the name of honor, more than I fear death.
Where justice is denied, where poverty is enforced, where ignorance prevails, and where any one class is made to feel that society is an organized conspiracy to oppress, rob and degrade them, neither persons nor property will be safe.
Those years on the golf course as a caddie, boy, those people were something. They were vulgar, some were alcoholics, racist, they were very difficult people to deal with. A lot of them didn't have a sense of humor.
In every community, there is work to be done. In every nation, there are wounds to heal. In every heart, there is the power to do it.
In everyday life, I use positive thoughts, sense of humor, Taekwondo, running, and yoga to make me stronger.
It takes both courage and talent to stand up in front of fellow human beings and make them crack a smile, and at the same time keep it clean.
Humor is an affirmation of dignity, a declaration of man's superiority to all that befalls him.
I eat death threats for breakfast!
I don't like the word 'balance.' To me, that somehow conjures up conflict between work and family... as long as we think of these things as conflicting, we will never have happiness. True happiness comes from integration... of work, family, self, community.
The health of the eye seems to demand a horizon. We are never tired, so long as we can see far enough.
The most important thing is, Do you have the courage to admit that you're wrong? And do you change? The most important thing to me as a CEO is that we keep the courage.
God is in all men, but all men are not in God; that is why we suffer.
You either make money, or you make history.
I have a really dark, rich, thick sense of humor.
The most obvious characteristic of science is its application: the fact that, as a consequence of science, one has a power to do things. And the effect this power has had need hardly be mentioned. The whole industrial revolution would almost have been impossible without the development of science.
As a Cherokee, I can attest to the fact that Native Americans have been on the losing side of history. Our rights have been infringed upon, our treaties have been broken, our culture has been stolen, and our tribes have been decimated at the hands of our own United States government.
After all, God is God because he remembers.
The challenge of the unknown future is so much more exciting than the stories of the accomplished past.
Without feelings of respect, what is there to distinguish men from beasts?
My natural abilities weren't necessarily brute power and strength. They were more about the ability to endure and not give up.
Life and death are one thread, the same line viewed from different sides.
The world we see that seems so insane is the result of a belief system that is not working. To perceive the world differently, we must be willing to change our belief system, let the past slip away, expand our sense of now, and dissolve the fear in our minds.
I think we spend so much of our lives trying to pretend that we know what's going to happen next. In fact we don't. To recognize that we don't know even what will happen this afternoon and yet having the courage to move forward - that's one meaning of faith.
Of all the waste we generate, plastic bags are perhaps the greatest symbol of our throwaway society. They are used, then forgotten, and they leave a terrible legacy.
I couldn't ask for better parents. I keep that at the forefront of whatever I do, and every time I feel like I can't take another step, I see their faces, and that drives me.
Our life is made by the death of others.
I believe that our society is merely a reflection of what is going on inside each and every one of us.
Death is a distant rumor to the young.
Health is not valued till sickness comes.
Don't be afraid of death so much as an inadequate life.
For a long time, it was like I was part of some special forces unit: I'd land, meet everyone, five minutes later I'd have to do some amazing work, then - boom! - I'm out again. You know, playing supporting parts takes courage.
Rumors about me? Calista Flockhart, Pam Anderson, and Matt Damon. That's who I'm dating.
Well, when I was younger, I lied all the time, because once you understand the power of lying, it's really like magic because you transform reality for people.
Today knowledge has power. It controls access to opportunity and advancement.
We don't tend to write about disease in fiction - not just teen novels but all American novels - because it doesn't fit in with our idea of the heroic romantic epic. There is room only for sacrifice, heroism, war, politics and family struggle.
Certain periods in history suddenly lift humanity to an observation point where a clear light falls upon a world previously dark.
My family taught me about that, about being the leader, being there for your teammates and caring about everything during the game, after the game, before the game.
The time you spend alone with God will transform your character and increase your devotion. Then your integrity and godly behavior in an unbelieving world will make others long to know the Lord.
You don't have to be a wreck. You don't have to be sick. One's aim in life should be to die in good health. Just like a candle that burns out.
We shall not cease from exploration, and the end of all our exploring will be to arrive where we started and know the place for the first time.
Live with integrity, respect the rights of other people, and follow your own bliss.
Without a moral framework, there is nothing left but immediate self-indulgence by some and the path of least resistance by others. Neither can sustain a free society.
Advances in technology will continue to reach far into every sector of our economy. Future job and economic growth in industry, defense, transportation, agriculture, health care, and life sciences is directly related to scientific advancement.
Women make natural anarchists and revolutionaries because they've always been second-class citizens, kinda having had to claw their way up. I mean, who made up all the rules in the culture? Men - white male corporate society. So why wouldn't a woman want to rebel against that?
Death makes angels of us all and gives us wings where we had shoulders smooth as ravens claws.
Death is a sniper. It strikes people you love, people you like, people you know - it's everywhere. You could be next. But then you turn out not to be. But then again, you could be.
Two of the central ingredients to our family are food and faith, so sitting down together and thanking God for the food He's provided means everything to us. Prayer is a natural part of our lives - not only around the dinner table, but all day long.
Achieving life is not the equivalent of avoiding death.
Death solves all problems - no man, no problem.
I'm not funny. What I am is brave.
I would rather start a family than finish one.
Everyone should be tested. Whenever they have a check-up, they should test for HIV, because if we can get to a point in our society where everyone is automatically tested, nobody will fall through the net.
We need to internalize this idea of excellence. Not many folks spend a lot of time trying to be excellent.
I grew up in a family in which political issues were often discussed, and debated intensely.
If I end up having a novel that sells really well and that allows me to pay for health insurance and mortgage without having to work at a day job, that would be great.
Like a precious family heirloom, freedom is not just ours to enjoy, but to treasure, protect, and pass on to future generations.
I have a lot of respect for Messi and for everything that he has achieved. He is very humble. But it's crucial to show authority when we meet on the pitch and show him who's boss.
You never know what the future holds or where my life will take me.
I was inspired by the men who walked on the moon. It really was my inspiration, I think, you know, as a kid of 9 years old - I know I'm dating myself, but - I thought, 'What a cool job!'
Sin is, somehow, at the root of all human misery. Sin is what keeps us from God and from life. It is in the face of every battered woman, the cry of every neglected child, the despair of every addict, the death of every victim of every war.
To enjoy good health, to bring true happiness to one's family, to bring peace to all, one must first discipline and control one's own mind. If a man can control his mind he can find the way to Enlightenment, and all wisdom and virtue will naturally come to him.
Necessity does the work of courage.
Every man has his own courage, and is betrayed because he seeks in himself the courage of other persons.
I am deeply grieved by the loss of the crew of Columbia. I express my sincere condolences to the families and friends of the astronauts. I believe that their names will remain as the bright sparkling stars in the universe and will light the way for those who will follow them on the difficult roads of space exploration.
When people treat you mean, you dislike them for that, but not because of their person, who they are. I was born and raised in a segregated society, but when I left there, I had nobody I disliked other than the people that'd mistreated me, and that only lasted for as long as they were mistreating me.
The future path of the federal funds rate is necessarily uncertain because economic activity and inflation will likely evolve in unexpected ways. For example, no one can be certain about the pace at which economic headwinds will fade. More generally, the economy will inevitably be buffeted by shocks that cannot be foreseen.
Look, if you have somebody who doesn't have health insurance, who doesn't have a doctor or dentist, and in order to deal with their cold or flu or dental problem, they go to an emergency room - in general, that visit will cost ten times more than walking into a community health center.
To light one candle to God and another to the Devil is the principle of wisdom.
Being at a film festival reminds me of the power of film. The power that we have in our hands. Telling specific stories about personal matters can start the debate that is needed today, and that connect you with realities that you had no idea were connected.
'Do What You Gotta Do' is a positive, inspirational song that says no matter what it is; whether you're up against challenges or trying to get your dreams and aspirations met, you should do what whatever you have to do shy of killing yourself or someone else.
Humour is the weapon of unarmed people: it helps people who are oppressed to smile at the situation that pains them.
Wole Soyinka's 'Death and the King's Horseman' is a play I go back to and I read often.
In everyone's life, at some time, our inner fire goes out. It is then burst into flame by an encounter with another human being. We should all be thankful for those people who rekindle the inner spirit.
If society fits you comfortably enough, you call it freedom.
Apparently, one in five people in the world are Chinese. And there are five people in my family, so it must be one of them. It's either my mum or my dad. Or my older brother, Colin. Or my younger brother, Ho-Chan-Chu. But I think it's Colin.
The hardships that I encountered in the past will help me succeed in the future.
I absolutely love any kind of outdoor activities like snowboarding, hiking, surfing, and laying out on the beach if I ever get the time... which is not often!
I've always had a burning desire to help people and make a difference in the world. I didn't know how I could do that in modelling when it can be such a fake world. But my dad told me I could make a difference by being true to myself and teaching people what I've learnt about spirituality, health and nutrition.
My family has been amazing, and they understand how blessed I am. They've been able to keep my sense of humor.
It is important never to forget our history, but parts of our history are more appropriately displayed in museums, not on government property.
Fereydun, that's my dad's name. My grandmother, my dad's mom, when she was pregnant, she was dating a man from Persia, a Persian gentleman. It wasn't his child, but he was still very supportive and said, 'Hey, this is a great name,' and so it stuck. So that's what she named him.
I was born with good health and a strong body and spent years abusing them.
I sometimes think that God in creating man somewhat overestimated his ability.
I remembered, like, when 'Not When My Daughter' came out, I'm serious, I think dating for Iranian men became a lot harder. Dude's name, Shahrokh - became Tony. Mehsud became Mike.
Religion is never the problem; it's the people who use it to gain power.
We live in a society in which spurious realities are manufactured by the media, by governments, by big corporations, by religious groups, political groups. I ask, in my writing, 'What is real?' Because unceasingly we are bombarded with pseudo realities manufactured by very sophisticated people using very sophisticated electronic mechanisms.
We always have to believe in what is possible in life and not be hindered by history or expectations.
If you want to lose weight, you have to be obsessed with it. You can't depend upon your dietician, your trainer or various health aids that you have. You have to be organised. And believe me, it isn't that difficult. The first 10 days are terrible because you have to break the lifelong habits that you have made.
There cannot be a God because if there were one, I could not believe that I was not He.
I think it is not just the U.N. speaking, but the concept of a third party, a third party to a conflict speaking out. You know, sometimes saying, 'Stop, this is enough. This cannot be allowed to happen,' gives the victims and the people who are caught in that situation courage, encouragement, support.
As a pastor in a Protestant church, my whole ministry centers on the conviction that by grace we are saved through faith. And it's not our faith that delivers us, as if believing something, anything at all were pleasing to God. It's the object of our faith - Christ's life, death, and resurrection - that saves us.
Some people say my work is often depressing and pessimistic, with the emphasis on death, blood, overcrowding, strange beings and so on, but I don't really think it is.
I have a relationship with God. I do believe in God, The Son, and Holy Ghost. But I respect everybody, and as far as the Muslims go, I like how they live because they have discipline. They have real structure and I like.
The night before my mastectomy, I had done my best to keep my mind off of the impending procedure. My family and I went to the Tampa Bay Lightning hockey game, where I binged on pizza and ice cream and took full advantage of the doctor's advice to eat up the night before since I had to begin fasting at midnight.
So she went into the garden to cut a cabbage-leaf, to make an apple-pie; and at the same time a great she-bear, coming up the street, pops its head into the shop. 'What! no soap?' So he died, and she very imprudently married the barber.
You can never control who you fall in love with, even when you're in the most sad, confused time of your life. You don't fall in love with people because they're fun. It just happens.
As a politician, you have to deal with someone wanting you to fail every day. I think I prefer being in a situation where generally people are rooting for me, and if they aren't rooting for me, they aren't out there to see my downfall. I respect the people who have the stomach for it.
I'm lucky that my real-life Mom has both a great sense of humor about herself and an amazing ability to slip into complete denial if the subject matter gets a little too close to home.
Jerry Seinfeld is amazing in many ways, not the least of them his ability to find humor, and convincing us to find it, too, in the million-and-two details about modern life that under different circumstances might send us into paroxysms of rage.
Dictators are allergic to reform, and they are cunning survivors. They will do whatever it takes to preserve their power and wealth, no matter how much blood ends up on their hands. They are master deceivers and talented manipulators who cannot be trusted to change.
The death penalty not only takes away the life of the person strapped to the table - it takes away a little bit of the humanity in each of us.
Don't spend more than you take in. Control your debt. Empower the private sector. We have 50 states out there that are laboratories of democracy. Why are we not empowering the states to find solutions to our problems, particularly health care, as opposed to looking to a one-size-fits-all solution from Washington, D.C.? That puzzles even me.
True courage is not the brutal force of vulgar heroes, but the firm resolve of virtue and reason.
I have no plans to go public if I get into a relationship. I will do my best to safeguard the privacy of the person I love and respect her feelings.
My parents separated before I was born, but they remained friends, so I was close to both sides of my family, with siblings and cousins and godparents. I've had the same best friend since grade six.
No system of mass surveillance has existed in any society that we know of to this point that has not been abused.
My stories are very somber, so I think I need the comic ingredient. Besides, life has so much humor.
You can't have it all, all at once. Who - man or woman - has it all, all at once? Over my lifespan, I think I have had it all. But in different periods of time, things were rough. And if you have a caring life partner, you help the other person when that person needs it.
You may go through a lot of good times, you may go through a lot of bad times, you just have to try to prepare yourself as best as you can, and for me, that's just sticking with my family.
There is no 'us' and 'them'; it's an illusion. We are all human beings, and we all have a responsibility to support one another and to discover ways of wresting the power from the very, very few people who control all the cash and all the property.
You aren't your work, your accomplishments, your possessions, your home, your family... your anything. You're a creation of your Source, dressed in a physical human body intended to experience and enjoy life on Earth.
Power means happiness; power means hard work and sacrifice.
In a gentle way, you can shake the world.
God looks out for fools and babies.
I'm Irish. I think about death all the time.
Journalism should be more like science. As far as possible, facts should be verifiable. If journalists want long-term credibility for their profession, they have to go in that direction. Have more respect for readers.
Throughout life people will make you mad, disrespect you and treat you bad. Let God deal with the things they do, cause hate in your heart will consume you too.
If you don't focus on the future generation, it means you are destroying your country.
God is not a cosmic bellboy for whom we can press a button to get things.
Sometimes I wish my first word was 'quote,' so that on my death bed, my last words could be 'end quote.'
There are all kinds of things you can do to marry literacy with health.
I love people who make me laugh. I honestly think it's the thing I like most, to laugh. It cures a multitude of ills. It's probably the most important thing in a person.
My mother was the most amazing person. She taught me to be kind to other women. She believed in family. She was with my father from the first day they met. All that I am, she taught me.
The history of the past is but one long struggle upward to equality.
Courtesy is as much a mark of a gentleman as courage.
I remember the first pangs of stress arriving at the end of school. Once I graduated I had to get a full-time job, worry about health insurance, saving money, paying rent - things I'd never thought about before.
Humor can be an incredible lacerating and effective weapon. And that is the way I use it.
I really discovered I had thyroid disease by accident. My son was having some health concerns, and as I filled out his patient history I noticed I had a lot of similar symptoms. I mentioned it to the doctor, and he ran blood work and finally an ultrasound of my thyroid.
God breathes through us so completely... so gently we hardly feel it... yet, it is our everything.
The power of choosing good and evil is within the reach of all.
Courage is... the knowledge of how to fear what ought to be feared and how not to fear what ought not to be feared.
Let Jammu and Kashmir lead the way in the building of a new future for India. Let it set an example to the rest of India and the world by showing how the entire region can be transformed into a zone of peace, stability and prosperity.
You're morally tainted if you don't treat both the accuser and the accused with fairness and with respect, and with due process.
'Hamlet' is one of the most dangerous things ever set down on paper. All the big, unknowable questions like what it is to be a human being; the difference between sanity and insanity; the meaning of life and death; what's real and not real. All these subjects can literally drive you mad.
Ethics or simple honesty is the building blocks upon which our whole society is based, and business is a part of our society, and it's integral to the practice of being able to conduct business, that you have a set of honest standards.
China, with her five thousand years of history, her vast territory and her enormous population stands like a mountain peak among the nations of the world. Her contribution to the civilization of mankind is imperishable. She has been a keen lover of peace; she has had a deep respect for international justice.
History will do what it always does. It will make ignorant statements, in retrospect, seem shortsighted and discriminatory, and the women who will serve their country bravely in the jobs that are now opening up will prove them wrong. Just like we always have.
A human being has so many skins inside, covering the depths of the heart. We know so many things, but we don't know ourselves! Why, thirty or forty skins or hides, as thick and hard as an ox's or bear's, cover the soul. Go into your own ground and learn to know yourself there.
I tell my kids and I tell proteges, always have humility when you create and grace when you succeed, because it's not about you. You are a terminal for a higher power. As soon as you accept that, you can do it forever.
One knows that after violent exercise one breathes heavily for some time: the more violent the exercise, the longer one's respiration is laboured.
Accordingly, globalization is not only something that will concern and threaten us in the future, but something that is taking place in the present and to which we must first open our eyes.
They always say time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself.
There is pleasure in the pathless woods, there is rapture in the lonely shore, there is society where none intrudes, by the deep sea, and music in its roar; I love not Man the less, but Nature more.
The trials on the road to world harmony are no greater than the courage of those who accept the challenge.
I don't happen to have a sense of humor personally, so I don't know what's funny about a character... This happens to be a feature of my life generally.
My dad was a poet. He saw the world through unique glasses, with simplicity, spirituality, and humor.
The more tranquil a man becomes, the greater is his success, his influence, his power for good. Calmness of mind is one of the beautiful jewels of wisdom.
Without health life is not life; it is only a state of langour and suffering - an image of death.
No one believes more strongly than I do that every Christian should be a theologian. In that sense, we all need to work it out. I want all Christians who can read, to read their Bibles and to read beyond the Bible - to read the history and theology.
I was born in a middle class Muslim family, in a small town called Myonenningh in a northern part of Bangladesh in 1962. My father is a qualified physician; my mother is a housewife. I have two elder brothers and one younger sister. All of them received a liberal education in schools and colleges.
A guy and a girl can be just friends, but at one point or another, they will fall for each other... maybe temporarily, maybe at the wrong time, maybe too late, or maybe forever.
I have cherished the ideal of a democratic and free society in which all persons live together in harmony and with equal opportunities. It is an ideal which I hope to live for and to achieve. But if needs be, it is an ideal for which I am prepared to die.
I think there are hardships with anything you do. And for us, we have our fans, who give us so much love and support. So, that helps us push forth with whatever we are doing, and it will continue to do that in the future.
Time travel used to be thought of as just science fiction, but Einstein's general theory of relativity allows for the possibility that we could warp space-time so much that you could go off in a rocket and return before you set out.
People always ask me, 'What is it that you regret?' And I say, 'nothing, because I could not buy what I've learned.' And I apply those things to my life I learn. And hopefully, hopefully it helps me to be a better human in the future and make better choices.
Google is my best friend and my worst enemy. It's fabulous for research, but then it becomes addictive. I'll have a character eating an orange, and next thing I'm Googling types of oranges, I'm visiting chat rooms about oranges, I'm learning the history of the orange.
What we've discovered is that Americans seem to love our saucy humor.
I believe that art has been a vehicle for me that's been about enlightenment and expanding my own parameters, to give me courage to exercise the freedom that I have in life.
I desire no future that will break the ties with the past.
What the public expects and what is healthy for an individual are two very different things.
While digital wallets are paving the way for the future of payments, you still need to assess whether or not they'll work for your business. If your target audience are less tech-savvy or you're primarily a cash-only business, it may not be worth investing too much into accepting digital payments.
My reading of history convinces me that most bad government has grown out of too much government.
There are big parts of my life that I don't share. I don't share myself eating dinner with my family. I don't talk about who I'm dating. That's private; that's me.
I'm definitely bicoastal, but I have to say, it's easier to live in New York than in L.A. I feel like people respect other people's space a bit more here. Everyone has the right to that freedom, right? Everyone has that right. It's freezing in New York right now. In L.A., it's sunny. But I would choose freezing over being followed.
By ensuring that no one in government has too much power, the Constitution helps protect ordinary Americans every day against abuse of power by those in authority.
To maintain good health, you need to exercise almost every day - 30 minutes is recommended, that's what I personally do - and you need to eat right.
I live the life of a farmer. I don't see how I could wear Lagerfeld's designs while feeding my goats. I have respect for Lagerfeld as a man, but I would have so much more for him if he, in turn, respected animals. We do not live in the same world.
The ancient Greek philosophers were blonde and blue-eyed and, even then, talked about how their race was mixed with others and how this affected their society negatively. When there were no more natural blondes and no more blue eyes in Greece, they incidentally stopped producing great philosophers.
The book, '12 Rules For Life,' is a very serious book. There's elements of humor in it, but I'm trying to struggle with things at the deepest possible level and to explain to people why it's necessary to live a upstanding and noble and moral and truthful and responsible life, and why there's hell to pay if you don't do that.
'The Black Prism' is a story about two brothers who respect and fear and admire and contend with and shape each other. In other words, it's a story of normal brothers - who happen to be in extraordinary circumstances.
We know from chaos theory that even if you had a perfect model of the world, you'd need infinite precision in order to predict future events. With sociopolitical or economic phenomena, we don't have anything like that.
From what we get, we can make a living; what we give, however, makes a life.
As you navigate through the rest of your life, be open to collaboration. Other people and other people's ideas are often better than your own. Find a group of people who challenge and inspire you, spend a lot of time with them, and it will change your life.
Then there is a still higher type of courage - the courage to brave pain, to live with it, to never let others know of it and to still find joy in life; to wake up in the morning with an enthusiasm for the day ahead.
When we read stories of heroes, we identify with them. We take the journey with them. We see how the obstacles almost overcome them. We see how they grow as human beings or gain qualities or show great qualities of strength and courage and with them, we grow in some small way.
I distrust those people who know so well what God wants them to do, because I notice it always coincides with their own desires.
Those who have the strength and the love to sit with a dying patient in the silence that goes beyond words will know that this moment is neither frightening nor painful, but a peaceful cessation of the functioning of the body.
I was an only child. I needed an alternative to family life - to real life, you could almost say - and cartoons, pictures in a book, the animated movies, seemed to provide it.
Society has arisen out of the works of peace; the essence of society is peacemaking.
Every heart that has beat strongly and cheerfully has left a hopeful impulse behind it in the world, and bettered the tradition of mankind.
We are not makers of history. We are made by history.
If you look at the history of music, you have classical composers, church music, pop music, etc. Music that's existed for centuries. I think there are some songs that are close to immortal. They will last longer than we will in this lifetime.
History never looks like history when you are living through it.
Perhaps the greatest social service that can be rendered by anybody to the country and to mankind is to bring up a family.
I've always been fascinated by memory and I remember Jonah, when we first started dating, was working on something involving memory. It was early on in our relationship and I was like, damn it, I wanted to do a movie on memory. That was 'Memento.'
Less than 1 percent of ancient Egypt has been discovered and excavated. With population pressures, urbanization, and modernization encroaching, we're in a race against time. Why not use the most advanced tools we have to map, quantify, and protect our past?
Without my family, I'm nothing. They kept me in the right place. I believe that I'm the luckiest person in the country when I'm with them.
What do I care about law? Ain't I got the power?
I'm from Milwaukee, Wisconsin. I moved to L.A. when I was about eleven years old. I always go back to Milwaukee whenever I can. Just chill with my grandpa and my grandmother and just be with family, be with people that were there before I got a million views on YouTube because of my music video.
Sports are a microcosm of society.
The future lies in designing and selling computers that people don't realize are computers at all.
In the first place, God made idiots. That was for practice. Then he made school boards.
If his presidency is to represent the full power of the idea that black Americans are just like everyone else - fully human and fully capable of intellect, courage and patriotism - then Barack Obama has to be subject to the same rough and tumble of political criticism experienced by his predecessors.
Even 'The Inevitability of Death' is kind of a funny song more than anything. I mean, I thought it would be funny imagining radio deejays cueing it up and announcing it as people are driving off to work.
I think 'Family Guy' and 'American Dad' have definitely staked out their own style and territory, and now the accusations are coming that 'The Simpsons' is taking jokes from 'Family Guy.' And I can tell you, that ain't the case.
Being an American is a state of mind, and to be in a family is to feel the power of belonging, the power of your roots. Family is a tree, the strength of a tree, the roots, the leaves, the past and the present, the future, the fruits, the seeds.
If you're climbing the ladder of life, you go rung by rung, one step at a time. Don't look too far up, set your goals high but take one step at a time. Sometimes you don't think you're progressing until you step back and see how high you've really gone.
My family is the most important thing to me because they're always there for me when times are down.
If you don't have your health, you don't have anything.
Nuclear energy is a baseload - meaning it's power that you can run any time you want, day or night - and carbon-free.
I think in order to move forward into the future, you need to know where you've been.
If you stop and think about it, nearly all great humor is at the expense of someone or something.
The Constitution that I interpret and apply is not living, but dead, or as I prefer to call it, enduring. It means, today, not what current society, much less the court, thinks it ought to mean, but what it meant when it was adopted.
And I loved Fats Waller. I love his instrumental abilities, his vocal abilities and his sense of humor.
The Cube is, at the same time, a symbol of simplicity and complexity.
My mother early on taught us to respect all animals, and I mean all animals - not just cats and dogs but rats and snakes and spiders and fish and wildlife, so I really grew up believing they are just like us and just as deserving of consideration.
Whether you like it or not, history is on our side. We will bury you!
The test of our social commitment and humanity is how we treat the most powerless of our fellow citizens, the respect we accord to our fellow human beings. That is what reveals our true culture.
The question that we must ask is whether we are making progress toward the goal of universal peace. Or are we caught up on a treadmill of history, turning forever on the axle of mindless aggression and self-destruction?
I don't want to be the person who has the gigantic headlines: 'Look Who So-and-So Is Dating Now.' That, to me, isn't really who I am.
'Tis very certain the desire of life prolongs it.
The vote is a trust more delicate than any other, for it involves not just the interests of the voter, but his life, honor and future as well.
I've got a great sense of humor.
The future is electronic. It's radio, television and the Internet; it's not really newspapers anymore.
Religion and gods and beliefs - for me, it all comes down to your brother. And your brother might be the brother in your family, or it might be the guy next to you in the foxhole - it's about human connections.
I cannot conjure up an ounce of respect for Bill Clinton when it comes to the military. Every time I see him salute a Marine, it infuriates me. I don't think Bill Clinton cares one iota about what happens in a military unit.
You've got to make tough decisions, sometimes unpopular decisions... Whatever it is, if it's the right move at the right time, you've got to be also willing to make mistakes.
I search for items that have history, like vintage finds - I love fur kitten-heel house slippers from the 1950s - and pieces from fashion houses that have been around for a long time, like Chanel and Dior.
Love is the most difficult and dangerous form of courage. Courage is the most desperate, admirable and noble kind of love.
Every man builds his world in his own image. He has the power to choose, but no power to escape the necessity of choice.
No matter what has happened to you in the past or what is going on in your life right now, it has no power to keep you from having an amazingly good future if you will walk by faith in God. God loves you! He wants you to live with victory over sin so you can possess His promises for your life today!
'Africa shall be saved.' I heard God's message so clearly. In response, my family moved from Lesotho to South Africa in 1974.
My father wasn't perfect. He had a temper. I took some of that. He would snap, but the older he got, he started calming down. He learned about life, but the thing that he taught my whole family was that family was the most important thing and, no matter what, if a family member needs you, you go and help them out; you get there.
You couldn't pay me enough to be a law enforcement officer. Their job is a tough job. You have to solve people's problems, you have to baby-sit people, you have to always be doing this cat-and-mouse game with the bad guys. My respect for them is immense.
I inherited my dad's sense of humor and work ethic.
Women's courage is rather different from men's. The fact that women have to bring up children and look after husbands makes them braver at facing long-term issues, such as illness. Men are more immediately courageous. Lots of people are brave in battle.
Death consists, indeed, in a repeated process of unrobing, or unsheathing. The immortal part of man shakes off from itself, one after the other, its outer casings, and - as the snake from its skin, the butterfly from its chrysalis - emerges from one after another, passing into a higher state of consciousness.
Every individual has a place to fill in the world and is important in some respect whether he chooses to be so or not.
Only God Himself fully appreciates the influence of a Christian mother in the molding of character in her children.
Nobility is a graceful ornament to the civil order. It is the Corinthian capital of polished society.
The best way to fill time is to waste it.
The guys in my band are great-we watch movies, we eat pizza, take walks, read books. Everybody has a really great sense of humor. And my boyfriend comes and visits me on the road.
If you cannot get rid of the family skeleton, you may as well make it dance.
One's family is the most important thing in life. I look at it this way: One of these days I'll be over in a hospital somewhere with four walls around me. And the only people who'll be with me will be my family.
If co-operation, is thus the lifeblood of science and technology, it is similarly vital to society as a whole.
I'm at the point in my life where I don't want to work as hard. Actually, I've had to take a good hard look at workaholism and it's effect on one's mental health.
In my opinion, I think sarcasm and humor in a song, without turning it into a novelty song, is really charming.
Unfortunately, with men's health, we don't talk about it enough, and prostate cancer gets lost in the conversation.
The first thing I do every day when I wake up is thank God for letting me make it through the night and giving me another day of life - just because sometimes I wake up, and I cannot believe I'm doing what I'm doing. I just thank Him. I don't know how I deserve it, but it's completely because of Him.
I've got two older sisters who I'm very close to. And my son's grown up with a big sense of family around him.
Americans, the eyes of the world are upon you. How can you expect the world to believe in you and respect your preaching of democracy when you yourself treat your colored brothers as you do?
You go to Los Angeles or New York or Miami or Chicago, and you see Latinos everywhere; they are involved in every part of American society. That's why they have to start being represented in Hollywood, because an 'Americano' can't walk down the street and not see a Latino.
Part of the problem is there are people in Washington, D.C. in positions of power to whom the border is just a nuisance, and I think some of them believe that illegal immigration is a moral good. It is not. It undermines legal immigration.
Military deployments have never been something to enjoy, but the consequence of the actions, the shared nature of the sacrifices, and the nobility of the cause are invigorating. To be clear, I'm not talking about the killing and the death; rather, the sense of purpose that pervades every action, reaction, and outcome.
Happy accidents are real gifts, and they can open the door to a future that didn't even exist. It's kind of nice sometimes to set up something to encourage or allow happy accidents to happen.
You've got to give your past attention, but you've got to forgive yourself, acknowledge what you did wrong, and be a man, taking responsibility. You can't not fly anymore because of the things you've been through. You've got to believe in a brighter future, that better version of yourself.
I'm completely in favor of the separation of Church and State. My idea is that these two institutions screw us up enough on their own, so both of them together is certain death.
When all else is lost, the future still remains.
A society in which vocation and job are separated for most people gradually creates an economy that is often devoid of spirit, one that frequently fills our pocketbooks at the cost of emptying our souls.
It took me a long time not to judge myself through someone else's eyes.
Destiny is no matter of chance. It is a matter of choice. It is not a thing to be waited for, it is a thing to be achieved.
Muslims must speak out and explain who they are, what they believe in, what they stand for, what is the meaning of their life. They must have the courage to denounce what is said and done by certain Muslims in the name of their religion.
I watched my mom and dad build everything that matters - a family, a home and a good name.
Reach for it. Push yourself as far as you can.
In general, I usually don't really go by or live my life by a clock, and outside of touring, I don't really ask anyone else to. It's not out of lack of respect for anyone or intentional.
Ski Mask the Slump God
The Iranians have shot down drones. They tried to destroy the Saudi oil fields. They tried to storm our embassy. So, when my Democratic friends say we need appeasement, well appeasement hasn't worked. And I think that we've learned, with respect to Iran, that weakness invites the wolves.
'Captain Marvel,' whereby the steel trap is challenged, where the hero is a heroine, where the most powerful person who has the welfare of the future of the human race is a woman. What else can it be? Because that was the role of my mother when I was a kid.
Together with open conversations and greater understanding, we can ensure that attitudes for mental health change and children receive the support they deserve.
I'm an ordinary guy serving an extraordinary God - and that makes the difference.
When you have a cop approaching your car with his hand on his gun, I know it may be protocol, but us being the people we are, you automatically feel as if you're a criminal. So where's the respect then? You probably won't respond the correct way. So how do we find a common ground then?
Getting and spending, we lay waste our powers.
Courage to continue comes from deeper sources than outward results.
I don't do a lot of dating. I guess it's kind of like everyone is always trying to set me up with somebody, so we go out and hang out at a club or somewhere. I think dates are weird.
I was just born into a business family. It is really a destiny.
My family is the most beautiful thing in my life beyond anything else, even music.
I have great respect for the past. If you don't know where you've come from, you don't know where you're going. I have respect for the past, but I'm a person of the moment. I'm here, and I do my best to be completely centered at the place I'm at, then I go forward to the next place.
In many ways, history is marked as 'before' and 'after' Rosa Parks. She sat down in order that we all might stand up, and the walls of segregation came down.
Dating is hard. It's difficult and not quantity, but quality. Finding a good person.
The world itself is the will to power - and nothing else! And you yourself are the will to power - and nothing else!
I think coming from a big family, it helps you to keep your sense of humor about certain things... even politics.
So when I started writing my own stuff, it was with a lot of combinations and time changes and power.
There's a respect factor in filmmaking, like in sports, where certain things are kept in the locker room.
Americans are good with to-do lists; just tell us what to do, and we'll do it. Throughout our history, we have proven that. Colonize. Check. Win our independence. Check. Form a union. Check. Expand to the Pacific. Check. Settle the West. Check. Keep the Union together. Check. Industrialize. Check. Fight the Nazis. Check.
The values transmitted through oral history are many - courage, selflessness, the ability to endure, and to do so with humor and grace. I got those values listening to my dad's stories about the Depression and how their family survived. It gave me courage that I, too, could survive hard times.
For millennia, men have enslaved women and attempted to appropriate female creative power, re-casting themselves as gods and creators. This assault continues today in the forms of ruthless wealth and mineral extraction, genetic engineering, mass surveillance, and war mongering.
I'm honest about the journey I've been on, so I definitely don't take dating lightly anymore.
Teaching the history of the British Empire links in with that of the world: for better and for worse, the Empire made us what we are, forming our national identity. A country that does not understand its own history is unlikely to respect that of others.
All political thinking for years past has been vitiated in the same way. People can foresee the future only when it coincides with their own wishes, and the most grossly obvious facts can be ignored when they are unwelcome.
Of all mushrooms commonly consumed, oyster mushrooms in the genus Pleurotus stand out as exceptional allies for improving human and environmental health. These mushrooms enjoy a terrific reputation as the easiest to cultivate, richly nutritious and medicinally supportive.
Red is one of the strongest colors, it's blood, it has a power with the eye. That's why traffic lights are red I guess, and stop signs as well... In fact I use red in all of my paintings.
No one had ever educated me on mental health. I really didn't understand why I would be feeling high on life, and everything was brilliant, and then suddenly I would be crashing into a deep hole.
If God had intended us to fly, he'd have never given us railways.
Never before in human history has more information been available to more people. But at the same time, never before in human history has more bad information been available to more people.
A performer learns with experience and with age. I did not know the future when I left home and started out to begin my career: I started qawaali; then I met Peter Gabriel and was exposed to a lot of new ideas.
No one can make you happy. No one can help you grow in life more than you can. I can love you to death, but I can only go so far. I can inspire and encourage you as much as I can, but when you play an active role to find that self-security and that self-worth, it makes the difference.
You know, your first album is about really amazing things. Your first album is always about coming of age, first love, first loss, usually you suffer a first loss of someone that you love to death, even, you know, really big life lessons, things you learn from your parents' divorce or from the travels that you took.
We cannot reform institutional racism or systemic policies if we are not actively engaged. It's not enough to simply complain about injustice; the only way to prevent future injustice is to create the society we would like to see, one where we are all equal under the law.
The worst evil of disregard for some law is that it destroys respect for all law.
It's self-effacing, it's hard-luck, the shtetl stories. All those Coasters things are an amalgam of Yiddish and black humor.
I think comedy and satire are a very important part of democracy, and it's important we are able to laugh at the idiosyncrasies or the follies or vanities of people in power.
Advertisers also know that humor can help bond us to their product.
I think about life and death a lot. For the longest time I thought this was it, but then I thought maybe reincarnation does exist and we will all come back. My new thought is either of these could be true, but realistically what is going to happen is when you are dead you are not going to know you are dead, so it's not the end of the world.
There should be no private health insurance companies operating for profit.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
Your body hears everything your mind says.
Each NFL team has its own policy about their own players dating their own cheerleaders. And in the Raiders there is no policy against it, though it is not encouraged. Yes, there are successful relationships between players and Raiderettes.
It's a very good historical book about history.
It was one of those great miracles of history that they managed to smuggle an Enigma machines out to Britain just before they were invaded by the Nazis.
We have known Hillary Clinton both professionally and personally for close to 20 years, dating back to before President Bill Clinton's first trip to Africa in 1998 - a trip that they both acknowledge changed their lives and gave considerable meaning to their post-White House years and to the activities of the Clinton Foundation.
Candidates should be extremely cautious in displaying a sense of humor. If he or she tells a joke with a point, there is almost certain to be some minority group offended.
Beauty, sweet love, is like the morning dew, Whose short refresh upon tender green, Cheers for a time, but till the sun doth show And straight is gone, as it had never been.
Humor is a social lubricant that helps us get over some of the bad spots.
Civility is not about dousing strongly held views. It's about making sure that people are willing to respect other perspectives.
Passion is energy. Feel the power that comes from focusing on what excites you.
Words are singularly the most powerful force available to humanity. We can choose to use this force constructively with words of encouragement, or destructively using words of despair. Words have energy and power with the ability to help, to heal, to hinder, to hurt, to harm, to humiliate and to humble.
I did a Coca-Cola commercial when I was about two and a half years old, and then me and my family were extras in a bunch of Westerns. I loved dressing up and stepping into this imaginary world, and it was fun to get outside of my tiny little town with a bunch of movie weirdos.
Looking at the world through a sustainability lens not only helps us 'future proof' our supply chain, it also fuels innovation and drives brand growth.
Success is simple. Do what's right, the right way, at the right time.
The biggest message I have for young women is, Don't start cutting off branches of your career tree unnecessarily early. Sometimes women say, I know I want to have a family or play in the local symphony, and they start pulling themselves out of their career path. You don't have to take yourself out of the running before you even start.
Energy, health care and education are just three examples of areas in which information and information management are critically important. How are we using our energy? What appliances in homes or business are consuming the most energy? When do they consume it? Can the load be shifted? How efficient are these devices?
God gave us the gift of life; it is up to us to give ourselves the gift of living well.
The paradox of education is precisely this - that as one begins to become conscious one begins to examine the society in which he is being educated.
When I die, I'm leaving my body to science fiction.
Junk stands and antique markets are the perfect place to pick up clues about the history of a country, region or town.
Above all, such sports as judo, in my view, teach people to relate to each other. They teach us to respect a partner, teach us to understand that an externally weak partner can not only put up worthy resistance, but, if you relax and take too much for granted, may even win.
Much that passes as idealism is disguised hatred or disguised love of power.
It requires greater courage to preserve inner freedom, to move on in one's inward journey into new realms, than to stand defiantly for outer freedom. It is often easier to play the martyr, as it is to be rash in battle.
I have a strong belief in God... I find religion to be a very personal thing... I am also very spiritual.
Clear prices force health care providers and insurers to lower their rates to attract customers - like their counterparts in the rest of the economy.
I was 34 years old, and I knew that I wanted a possibility of having a family one day, but I wasn't dating anyone obviously because I'm living at the mansion. But I just wanted to make sure I had the possibility, so I froze my eggs back then and that was my insurance policy for later on in life.
I don't know if God exists, but it would be better for His reputation if He didn't.
Affirmative action has a negative effect on our society when it means counting us like so many beans and dividing us into separate piles.
I come from a family where gravy is considered a beverage.
Being fully present is the best guarantee for a bright future.
I was born in South Africa during apartheid, a system of laws that made it illegal for people to mix in South Africa. And this was obviously awkward because I grew up in a mixed family. My mother's a black woman, South African Xhosa woman... and my father's Swiss, from Switzerland.
The greatest thing in family life is to take a hint when a hint is intended-and not to take a hint when a hint isn't intended.
The women's movement gave me a set of tools to think about things like my body and how people react to me and the way that my dating life was going. It's a very practical movement - yes, it's about issues like how we can get more women MPs elected, but it's also about how feminism affects things like your relationship.
I hope for your help to explore and protect the wild ocean in ways that will restore the health and, in so doing, secure hope for humankind. Health to the ocean means health for us.
Look at the Prius. It's a nerd car. Yeah, you're being environmentally friendly, but your dating life is gonna suck.
A people do not throw their geniuses away. And if they are thrown away, it is our duty as artists and as witnesses for the future to collect them again for the sake of our children and, if necessary, bone by bone.
The study also included the disturbing revelation that most of the troops who reported having mental health problems also reported that they did not seek or did not receive care for their problems.
I gave up my struggle with perfection a long time ago. That is a concept I don't find very interesting anymore. Everyone just wants to look good in the photographs. I think that is where some of the pressure comes from. Be happy. Be yourself, the day is about a lot more.
An exciting and inspiring future awaits you beyond the noise in your mind, beyond the guilt, doubt, fear, shame, insecurity and heaviness of the past you carry around.
The past cannot be changed. The future is yet in your power.
The ingredients of health and long life, are great temperance, open air, easy labor, and little care.
When we can find some humor in our upsets, they no longer seem as large or as important as they once did.
I am now quite cured of seeking pleasure in society, be it country or town. A sensible man ought to find sufficient company in himself.
I hope that I've been able to treat people with the respect they've shown me. That's basically the tenet you try to live by. I haven't been successful at it all my life, but that's what I strive for.
We owe our law enforcement officers the highest respect.
People always tell you, 'Be humble. Be humble.' When was the last time someone told you to be amazing? Be great! Be great! Be awesome! Be awesome!
We drive into the future using only our rearview mirror.
We are not weak if we make a proper use of those means which the God of Nature has placed in our power... the battle, sir, is not to the strong alone it is to the vigilant, the active, the brave.
It took us in this country 11 years to get from the Declaration of Independence to the Constitution.
I believe in one power, and that is the hand of God. I respect all religions.
For time is the longest distance between two places.
Infuse your life with action. Don't wait for it to happen. Make it happen. Make your own future. Make your own hope. Make your own love. And whatever your beliefs, honor your creator, not by passively waiting for grace to come down from upon high, but by doing what you can to make grace happen... yourself, right now, right down here on Earth.
The married woman as family provider beside the man, often also in place of the man, but always however subservient to the man's dominion - this is the worst form of woman slavery our time has created.
Be loyal to those who are loyal to you. And respect everyone, even your enemies and competition.
Americans love to fight. All real Americans love the sting of battle.
A bass player has to think and play like a bass player. A drummer has to play and think like a drummer, and stay out of the way of the vocalist. The guitar player has to respect everybody else.
God does not begin by asking our ability, only our availability, and if we prove our dependability, He will increase our capability.
America's criminal justice system isn't known for rehabilitation. I'm not sure that, as a society, we are even interested in that concept anymore.
There were good-faith reasons to resort to extraordinary measures when confronting an unknown global pandemic. Most of us consented to the lockdown, even if reluctantly. However, that consent - freely given as an act of social solidarity - was not intended as a green light to giving up hard-won liberties, or a perpetual suspension of free society.
Never trust anyone completely but God. Love people, but put your full trust only in God.
I can tell you character traits I admire and work to develop in myself - perseverance, self-discipline, courage to stand up for what is right even when it is against one's friends or one's self.
The people of South Carolina support conservatives who are trying to push real change, and the people of South Carolina expect their presidential candidates to back them up when they show courage.
Everyone needs to take that time to figure out who they are. The fact that there's no love interests in 'Moana' - it's all about her - is very relatable. You don't need another person to help you find yourself.
To live fixated on the future is to engage in psychological denial. It is a form of psychic violence that prepares us to accept the violence needed to ensure the maintenance of imperialist, future-oriented society.
O Holy Spirit, descend plentifully into my heart. Enlighten the dark corners of this neglected dwelling and scatter there Thy cheerful beams.
Samsung's future hinges on new businesses, new products and new technologies. We should make our corporate culture more open, flexible and innovative.
Just as courage imperils life, fear protects it.
Death can come at any time to anyone. Everybody is equal before death.
Keep your feet on the ground, but let your heart soar as high as it will. Refuse to be average or to surrender to the chill of your spiritual environment.
The society in 'The Handmaid's Tale' is a throwback to the early Puritans whom I studied extensively at Harvard under Perry Miller, to whom the book is dedicated.
Usually, terrible things that are done with the excuse that progress requires them are not really progress at all, but just terrible things.
I hate to say it but I hate black humor. I feel like a Klan member saying it, but it's just not funny.
You are thinking about the music, about the mathematics of it. It's time-consuming and energy-consuming at the same time. That's why I take my time off, my family time, as inspirational. I cool off.
Black history is American history.
We are at the very beginning of time for the human race. It is not unreasonable that we grapple with problems. But there are tens of thousands of years in the future. Our responsibility is to do what we can, learn what we can, improve the solutions, and pass them on.
In just three years, Iraq has achieved immense progress. It has had three successful elections in which 80% of their citizens voted, even while being threatened with death.
It is not good not to have health insurance; that leaves the family very vulnerable.
The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom.
The best place to find God is in a garden. You can dig for him there.
Football is a great deal like life in that it teaches that work, sacrifice, perseverance, competitive drive, selflessness and respect for authority is the price that each and every one of us must pay to achieve any goal that is worthwhile.
'How I Built This With Guy Raz' asks entrepreneurs to tell the story of how they made their name and, in some cases, their fortune. Whether they're in the business of selling burritos or dating apps, there's inevitably something you can learn from their stories.
By all working together, we can beat Matt Bevin and actually create more good-paying jobs, boost wages for workers, expand access to health care, and improve our public schools.
I pray to God every day that he makes me the biggest superstar, but before that, I ask God to make me a good actor. Being a star is hard, but being an actor is even harder. I want to be both before I am done.
Inflation is taking up the poverty line, and poverty is not just economic but defined by way of health and education.
I always remember having a healthy respect for my grandmother.
A samurai should always be prepared for death - whether his own or someone else's.
In the time of darkest defeat, victory may be nearest.
There isn't a way to depict the gay community without at least mentioning the existence of online dating apps like Grindr.
Careers, like rockets, don't always take off on time. The trick is to always keep the engine running.
Women respond to comfort and a sense of humor. I was always able to make them laugh, so that helps a lot.
The people are the only legitimate fountain of power, and it is from them that the constitutional charter, under which the several branches of government hold their power, is derived.
It's incredibly tough dating multiple women and trying to have them enjoy the experience.
Sometimes we put so much effort into things we're doing, like dating or wedding planning, that we don't stop to think about whether or not we even want the results of that effort.
Faith is the virtue by which, clinging-to the faithfulness of God, we lean upon him, so that we may obtain what he gives to us.
We risk our health much more during fights and sparring than by getting infected with coronavirus.
Our family dinner table was my first platform - every dinner was all about sharing stories and jokes and points of view.
I'm half Telugu. My mom is Telugu and dad, a Maharashtrian. I was brought up in Gwalior. I was exposed to English, Hindi, and Marathi. I heard my mom speak to her family in Telugu, so I got the hang of it.
If golf wasn't enjoyable and there wasn't a lot of humor and enjoyment, even though the game is so frustrating, you would wonder why you put yourself through it.
The only part of the conduct of any one, for which he is amenable to society, is that which concerns others. In the part which merely concerns himself, his independence is, of right, absolute. Over himself, over his own body and mind, the individual is sovereign.
Improved maternal health benefits the whole of society.
All the lessons are in nature. You look at the way rocks are formed - the wind and the water hitting them, shaping them, making them what they are. Things take time, you know?
Ants can live together in solidarity and forget themselves in the community. In a normative capitalist society, everyone is an egoist. In the ants' civilization, you are part of the group; you don't live for yourself alone.
Destiny has two ways of crushing us - by refusing our wishes and by fulfilling them.
Every story I create, creates me. I write to create myself.
Frankly, the reason I joined MENSA is because I was dating a guy at the time who spoke five languages and could solve a Rubik's Cube literally with his eyes closed because it's just an algorithm.
A concerted effort to preserve our heritage is a vital link to our cultural, educational, aesthetic, inspirational, and economic legacies - all of the things that quite literally make us who we are.
In the last analysis, it is our conception of death which decides our answers to all the questions that life puts to us.
God gave me a great body and it's my duty to take care of my physical temple.
If a person studies too much and exhausts his reflective powers, he will be confused, and will not be able to apprehend even that which had been within the power of his apprehension. For the powers of the body are all alike in this respect.
When you are learning about a martial art, it is about respect.
We live in a moment of history where change is so speeded up that we begin to see the present only when it is already disappearing.
You need people who have their own views, whose views you respect, whom you can have a productive disagreement with, and work out ideas which you might not have come up with, or who improve on ideas you had.
Black lives matter, as a subset of all lives matter. So any injustices to a particular group must be addressed specific to that group but under the banner that all life is created in the image of God.
Biology always beats will power.
I could not tell you the date of my mother's death. I could not tell you the date of my dad's death. These are not dates that I find significant.
I believe health care is a civil right.
Like many physical diseases, anti-Semitism is highly infectious, and can become endemic in certain localities and societies. Though a disease of the mind, it is by no means confined to weak, feeble, or commonplace intellects; as history sadly records, its carriers have included men and women of otherwise powerful and subtle thoughts.
When I came into this business, there was a bar set for me. My goal is to push it as high as I can to make my family's legacy even stronger. To add to the history that's already been created. So for me, it's a huge challenge that I'm willing to fight for every single day.
My views are very fluctuating. I have very contradictory takes on the subject. Dating is easier, while marriage is hard work. You see your friends having early divorces, and on the other hand, you see your parents having a successful marriage.
The first virtue in a soldier is endurance of fatigue; courage is only the second virtue.
Accepting death is a massive problem for everybody.
Access to books and the encouragement of the habit of reading: these two things are the first and most necessary steps in education and librarians, teachers and parents all over the country know it. It is our children's right and it is also our best hope and their best hope for the future.
After my death, the molecules of my being will return to the earth and the sky. They came from the stars. I am of the stars.
My doctrine is this, that if we see cruelty or wrong that we have the power to stop, and do nothing, we make ourselves sharers in the guilt.
Be courageous. I have seen many depressions in business. Always America has emerged from these stronger and more prosperous. Be brave as your fathers before you. Have faith! Go forward!
In a time of universal deceit - telling the truth is a revolutionary act.
I don't believe in casual dating; I would rather be in a proper relationship.
Playing video games is something I enjoy in my spare time. I'm a gamer, always have been.
No one's death comes to pass without making some impression, and those close to the deceased inherit part of the liberated soul and become richer in their humanness.
When I play a game, I want to play, not necessarily laugh. If you try to make me laugh at the expense of interactivity, then you've just created another funny game that isn't very fun. The videogame medium itself is a terrible place for complicated humor, drama, and character development.
The health effects of air pollution imperil human lives. This fact is well-documented.
I'm very conscious that I want the dance audience to respond and respect what I'm doing, so I'm always very true to the music and I honour the music in the way I see it - I don't mess around with the music.
Technology causes problems as well as solves problems. Nobody has figured out a way to ensure that, as of tomorrow, technology won't create problems. Technology simply means increased power, which is why we have the global problems we face today.
I'm not motivated by money or power or fame. In the end, it doesn't bring much happiness. The only thing that is driving me is self-satisfaction, self-validation.
Yeah, I definitely tend towards dry, sarcastic British humor. I actually aspire to be British - I'm pasty white as well.
The divine is God's concern; the human, man's. My concern is neither the divine nor the human, not the true, good, just, free, etc., but solely what is 'mine,' and it is not a general one, but is - 'unique,' as I am unique. Nothing is more to me than myself!
I know not why there is such a melancholy feeling attached to the remembrance of past happiness, except that we fear that the future can have nothing so bright as the past.
The whole thing about dating was the scariest thing in the world. And I would tell my friends, 'I'm never going to find anyone. Where am I going to find someone? By now, I'm 59 years old. Where do you meet men?' It was really funny. So I just focused on myself.
There are only three events in a man's life; birth, life, and death; he is not conscious of being born, he dies in pain, and he forgets to live.
The sense of humor has other things to do than to make itself conspicuous in the act of laughter.
Although Kurt Vonnegut may not be considered a humor writer, 'Breakfast of Champions' is one of the funniest books I've ever read.
I am not too much into Netflix and Amazon because spending quality time with family is more valuable.
To make others less happy is a crime. To make ourselves unhappy is where all crime starts. We must try to contribute joy to the world. That is true no matter what our problems, our health, our circumstances. We must try. I didn't always know this, and am happy I lived long enough to find it out.
I like the idea of sort of being able to stick a pin in something and deflate it with humor and just get a laugh, otherwise we'll cry.
I think it would be hard to go the distance in this business without a sense of humor.
I'm honored and blessed by God to be in the sport I love, and I want to accomplish all the goals I set in the sport of boxing - to be successful and make history.
God mode is something that I've always tried to unlock within myself.
Family life itself, that safest, most traditional, most approved of female choices, is not a sanctuary: It is, perpetually, a dangerous place.
Power, in a nutshell, is the ability to get things done, and politics is the ability to decide which things need to be done.
Nuclear power is a young technology - there's so much more to be discovered. That's what makes it so exciting to me. Yes, there are problems, but innovative people are going to be able to come up with solutions and bring the technology to its full potential.
History in its broadest aspect is a record of man's migrations from one environment to another.
Courage is being afraid but going on anyhow.
If Obamacare is allowed to stand - and Congress is allowed to make the purchase of government-endorsed health insurance compulsory - there will be no meaningful limit on Washington's reach into the lives of the American people. That is certainly not what the Founders intended.
Live as if you were living a second time, and as though you had acted wrongly the first time.
I've had two romances since moving to Las Vegas. One was with somebody 12 years older than me, and the other was the same age, and neither worked out. I know people still think of me as one of Hugh Hefner's girlfriends, and he of course was much older than me, but that was a whole different lifestyle and a different kind of dating.
The word 'courage,' one of my favorite words, the root or the etymology of that word is 'cour,' which means heart. I think true courage is actually following your heart and not getting or succumbing to what other people's definition of what your life should be. Live your life.
Tradition demands that we not speak poorly of the dead.
It takes a long time to become young.
If we abandon marriage, we abandon the family.
Looking back, we were the luckiest people in the world. There was no choice but to be pioneers; no time to be beginners.
Be peaceful, be courteous, obey the law, respect everyone; but if someone puts his hand on you, send him to the cemetery.
Dating has taught me what I want and don't want, who I am, and who I want to be.
I always encourage our people and young business people that I meet to have a respect for cash, keeping some in their pockets and purses at all times. To me, that's essential.
The important thing is to learn a lesson every time you lose. Life is a learning process and you have to try to learn what's best for you. Let me tell you, life is not fun when you're banging your head against a brick wall all the time.
There are so many great actors, but I really have a lot of respect for Johnny Depp. I've seen a lot of movies with him in it and, even if it's a film that wasn't as successful as you thought it would be, I've never seen him put in a bad performance. My favorite actors from history have to be Steve McQueen and James Dean.
It's real easy to talk about stepping in the ring, but once you do actually step in the ring, it takes a lot of courage and mental fortitude to do what we do.
A ball player has to be kept hungry to become a big leaguer. That's why no boy from a rich family has ever made the big leagues.
Roscoe Conkling was a man of superb courage. He not only acted without fear, but he had that fortitude of soul which bears the consequences of the course pursued without complaint.
There are pretenders to piety as well as to courage.
You have to be there not for the fame and glory and recognition and being a page in a history book, but you have to be there because you believe your talent and ability can be applied effectively to operation of the spacecraft.
The Windrush era is a very important part of British history as it helps us understand how and why we became the multicultural society we are today, and also helps us understand the history of race relations in this country.
Grow in the root of all grace, which is faith. Believe God's promises more firmly than ever. Allow your faith to increase in its fullness, firmness, and simplicity.
Unilever, Nestle and SAB Miller are all taking a long-term approach to investing in sustainable resource consumption. Each is driving through better resource management, which is expected to yield positive returns in the future.
Death means change our clothes. Clothes become old, then time to come change. So this body become old, and then time come, take young body.
Ofttimes the test of courage becomes rather to live than to die.
I still read the British papers, but I've never been a Royalist, ever. It's funny, there always seems to be much more of a fascination with the Royal Family over here then there does in England.
I plant a lot of trees. I am a great believer in planting things for future generations. I loathe the now culture where you just live for today.
Humor is richly rewarding to the person who employs it. It has some value in gaining and holding attention, but it has no persuasive value at all.
I respect anyone who could take a stagecoach ride from the East Coast to the West. You had to be a very special kind of person to survive that because it's the most uncomfortable ride in the world.
The more you know of your history, the more liberated you are.
You get caught up thinking about the future, you lose sight of the present.
There is one consolation in being sick; and that is the possibility that you may recover to a better state than you were ever in before.
To live in the light of a new day and an unimaginable and unpredictable future, you must become fully present to a deeper truth - not a truth from your head, but a truth from your heart; not a truth from your ego, but a truth from the highest source.
You have to have a sense of humor about all of it - the Emmys and politics and everything.
If you don't respect me you're not gonna get that respect back.
I would kiss you, had I the courage.
I am a total loser, in every aspect of my life. I rarely go out. I have a great family and we spend all our time together. I work hard and play hard with them.
Even in empty space, time and space still exist.
I think, aesthetically, car design is so interesting - the dashboards, the steering wheels, and the beauty of the mechanics. I don't know how any of it works, I don't want to know, but it's inspirational.
Brand is just a perception, and perception will match reality over time. Sometimes it will be ahead, other times it will be behind. But brand is simply a collective impression some have about a product.
I have memories - but only a fool stores his past in the future.
If you look at suicides, most of them are connected to depression. And the mental health system just fails them. It's so sad. We know what to do. We just don't do it.
As the blessings of health and fortune have a beginning, so they must also find an end. Everything rises but to fall, and increases but to decay.
Defeating malaria is absolutely critical to ending poverty, improving the health of millions, and enabling future generations to reach their full potential.
I don't think I could ever do a network sitcom because the humor is often based on some trite circumstance. I don't want to be a part of a show where it's mostly about coming up with the jokes.
Life, it is true, can be grasped in all its confused futility merely by opening one's eyes and sitting passively, a spectator on the stands of history - but to understand the social processes and conflicts, the interplay between individual and group, even the physicality of human experience, we have need of small-scale models.
There are two Americas - separate, unequal, and no longer even acknowledging each other except on the barest cultural terms. In the one nation, new millionaires are minted every day. In the other, human beings no longer necessary to our economy, to our society, are being devalued and destroyed.
In feature films the director is God; in documentary films God is the director.
I don't even call them fans. I don't like that. They're literally just a part of my life; they're a part of my family. I don't think of them as on a lower level than me. I don't think I'm anything but equal to all of them. So yeah, they're basically all of my siblings.
The youth is the hope of our future.
My vision is to have an independent Kosovo, democratic, with a politically tolerant society and with a solid economy, integrated into the EU, the NATO and to continue with our good relations with the USA.
Think of an economy where people could be an artist or a photographer or a writer without worrying about keeping their day job in order to have health insurance.
Nothing is forever, but history is forever.
At a deep psychological level, convincing young people that they will get the respect, admiration, love that they are looking for through consumerism is a manipulation of a deep human instinct to want to belong.
It is natural to indulge in the illusions of hope. We are apt to shut our eyes to that siren until she allures us to our death.
A drop of water, if it could write out its own history, would explain the universe to us.
Real and true happiness is having a relationship with God and not what makes us happy.
The opposite of courage in our society is not cowardice, it is conformity.
There is a painful joke that Europeans often tell of their Gallic neighbors: God created France, the most beautiful country in the world with so much good in it, and ended up feeling guilty about it. He had to do something to make it fair. And so, he created the French people.
Courage is a special kind of knowledge: the knowledge of how to fear what ought to be feared and how not to fear what ought not to be feared.
I'm not afraid of death, but I resent it. I think it's unfair and irritating. Every time I see something beautiful, I not only want to return to it, but it makes me want to see other beautiful things. I know I'm not going to get to all the places I want to go.
God has a most wicked sense of humor.
I don't know if I believe in marriage. I believe in family, love and children.
It is time for parents to teach young people early on that in diversity there is beauty and there is strength.
The potential for synthetic biology and biotechnology is vast; we all have an opportunity to create the future together.
What would help us preserve our natural resources are genetic traits that let us sacrifice the present for the sake of the future. You need wisdom to sacrifice something that is immediately useful or advantageous for the sake of something that will be important in the future.
The barometer for judging the character of people, in regard human rights, is now those who consider themselves gay, homosexual, lesbian. The judgment as to whether you can trust the future, the social advancement - depending on people - will be judged on where they come out on that question.
I was a giant fan of 'Whose Line Is It Anyway' in high school, and I was obsessed with Jim Carrey and cut out any picture of Jim Carrey that ever came in any kind of magazine. I put it all over my walls. At the time, I thought humor was just repeating lines from 'Ace Ventura' ad nauseum in the back of my advanced math class.
Rap music's been around for too long now to be inspirational. The words are, but the music isn't.
Sometimes I find I'm wearing a divided, split brain in terms of drama and humor.
While negativity is politically useful, it is also demoralizing unless it is accompanied - and to some extent overshadowed - by elevated and inspiring ideas about the American future.
Just ask for what you want. I requested a six-month break from Facebook to visit my parents; I asked to switch projects. I told my husband it was time to get married after six years of dating!
Time makes fools of us all. Our only comfort is that greater shall come after us.
We are drowning in information, while starving for wisdom. The world henceforth will be run by synthesizers, people able to put together the right information at the right time, think critically about it, and make important choices wisely.
I guess it's human nature, as every group breaks into factions, yet at a time when we are trying to be taken seriously, it can confuse people - especially when it moves from being about where you want to go and what you want to do to why the others are idiots.
Is Amazon truly the best online buying experience? Absolutely not. Is eBay the best platform for auction? Probably not. Are dating sites like match.com really a reflection of the way people date? Probably not.
There's only one thing worse than a man who doesn't have strong likes and dislikes, and that's a man who has strong likes and dislikes without the courage to voice them.
I wish I could be as thin as Jessica Simpson. I think she looks gorgeous! I have had Jessica on my show several times, and I can tell you that girl is genuine and funny with a great self-deprecating sense of humor.
My parents are conservative. They really weren't in support of us dating before marriage.
Nature study will show you how full of beautiful and wonderful things God has made the world for you to enjoy. Be contented with what you have got and make the best of it. Look on the bright side of things instead of the gloomy one.
I don't believe that if you do good, good things will happen. Everything is completely accidental and random. Sometimes bad things happen to very good people and sometimes good things happen to bad people. But at least if you try to do good things, then you're spending your time doing something worthwhile.
I explained to the president that I've been pleased with my conversations with the Attorney General and Civil Rights Division regarding their helpful understanding that they aren't taking over this investigation, but are conducting a parallel review of the events that led to Michael Brown's death.
The groves were God's first temples.
We sing inspirational songs, songs of praise and worship, and about how good and how big God is. We are magnifying the Lord.
If there is a future, it will be Green.
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is God's gift, that's why we call it the present.
Peter Stoger is very, very inspirational, communicating a lot, being open and approachable for the players.
To get rich never risk your health. For it is the truth that health is the wealth of wealth.
My grandmother always used to wear this English perfume called Tuberose and then she died and then I dated this girl who wore the same thing. Every time I hung out with her, I could only think of my recently deceased grandmother. So sometimes a signature scent can be good and sometimes it can be bad.
As people, we're generally optimistic, no matter how disabled our lives are, and we find the humor in the darkest situations.
Never underestimate the power of jealousy and the power of envy to destroy. Never underestimate that.
There is an obsession with black tragedy. If you see a black movie, it's typically historical, and it tends to deal with our pain. And listen, there have been some excellent films made in that vein, and there are some painful parts of black history that should be explored, but it is kind of weird that only those films bubble up to the surface.
We emerged out of nature, and when we die, we return to nature. We need to know there are forces impinging on us that we will never understand or control. We need to have sacred places where we go with respect, not just looking for resources or opportunity.
If we celebrate Martin Luther King Jr.'s birthday at a time of presidential inaugurals, this is thanks to Ronald Reagan who created the holiday, and not to the Democratic Congress of the Carter years, which rejected it.
I think humor is a very serious thing. I use it as a way of weakening the reader's defenses so that I can more easily take him to something more.
In dating, the question is how many Tinder knockoffs are we going to have, and are any of them going to take off?
If you want to provoke, you should provoke someone who is stronger than you, otherwise you are misusing your power.
Liberty has never come from Government. Liberty has always come from the subjects of it. The history of liberty is a history of limitations of governmental power, not the increase of it.
The past actually happened but history is only what someone wrote down.
The time to hesitate is through.
A good actor is someone who knows how to take the part and make it real and make it honest and be effective in it. If it's in a funny movie and, as long as they are cast in an appropriate way, humor will come from it.
People who know me know I have a sense of humor that can really push the envelope.
One today is worth two tomorrows.
The people I mixed with in Monaco didn't relate to my South African mentality or humor... Although I have met some wonderful people since I've been living in Monaco, I regard them all as acquaintances. I only have two people I consider friends here.
Future is mobile computing - smartphones and tablets are just elements of it. The industry is on the verge of a whole new paradigm.
Any way that I can use my career or my platform to push along transgender visibility in the mainstream and society serves me on a personal level in that it will make day-to-day existence when I'm not doing this that much easier.
People are trapped in history and history is trapped in them.
Probably the most infamous story in our family: My oldest brother took a U-lock bike lock and locked my head to the bedpost. And he didn't just do this for a minute or two; he did this for a couple hours. I was maybe 8 or 9, and he was maybe 15.
We all have our time machines. Some take us back, they're called memories. Some take us forward, they're called dreams.
Sometimes in the most tragic situation, something just profoundly funny happens.
We may seek a fortune for no greater reason than to secure the respect and attention of people who would otherwise look straight through us.
I believe in a higher power. I believe in inspiration.
What's so lovely about Wonder Woman is yes, she has the strength and power of a goddess, but she has the heart and mind of a human. So I play her as I think a woman like me would act in the situations she's going through. You treat her as a normal woman who happens to be fantastic and almighty.
A family is a risky venture, because the greater the love, the greater the loss... That's the trade-off. But I'll take it all.
Society is like a large piece of frozen water; and skating well is the great art of social life.
Man dies of cold, not of darkness.
Marriage is an act of will that signifies and involves a mutual gift, which unites the spouses and binds them to their eventual souls, with whom they make up a sole family - a domestic church.
Man's extremity is God's opportunity.
I consider any gun that can chamber a round and send a projectile down its barrel at a high rate of speed into my body - causing me injury or death - to be an assault weapon.
Denzel Washington has a great sense of humor. He did all those 'Nutty Professor' movies.
My dad said, 'Stay humble, and you gotta work harder than everybody else.' My mom said, 'Always be yourself.' She always told me only God can judge me.
I have always aimed at maintaining a healthy balance with respect to all aspects of my life.
In Republics, the great danger is, that the majority may not sufficiently respect the rights of the minority.
Dietary fiber provides a whole slew of health benefits when consumed in adequate amounts. It not only promotes 'regularity,' it also reduces your risk of several chronic diseases and plays a crucial role in successful weight loss.
My dad read, I think, the Perry Mason mysteries and Zane Grey and some humor compendiums... And then at one point, the bookmobile started coming to town. That was really cool. I mean, that was when I read my first Raymond Carver story. I think that was probably 1969 or so. I must have been 13.
I was raised Catholic in a very religious family.
What God intended for you goes far beyond anything you can imagine.
As more wealth and political power is amassed - as bitcoins rise in value - Congress and various lobbying groups will be influenced to an ever greater extent by the interests of Bitcoin owners who - in turn - will lobby to keep the Internet and Bitcoin alive and growing.
I want to stay humble, but I have to talk because the other guys talk too much, and... I understand the crazy power the UFC PR machine has.
Sometimes you have to accept you can't win all the time.
Courage is managing fear to accomplish what you want to accomplish. And it's a great demonstration of love. It's really what love is. It's finding areas in which other people are more important than you.
I cannot think that we are useless or God would not have created us. There is one God looking down on us all. We are all the children of one God. The sun, the darkness, the winds are all listening to what we have to say.
The Hispanic community understands the American Dream and have not forgotten what they were promised - that in the U.S., a free market system, allows us all to succeed economically, achieve stability and security for your family and leave your children better off than yourselves.
When I left Washington, we actually had a balanced budget and we paid down the most amount of the national debt in modern history and cut taxes and created jobs. And I was the chief architect of that plan in '97.
Love hasn't changed, and it never will, no matter what kind of a society we become.
In Buddhism, they say attachment to anything only leads to suffering. So when we laugh, it's our way of saying, 'I'm unattached to that.' You're tickled by it, it makes your lobes do something on their own. So humor is very important to me. I always take that to the stage first.
My body is like breakfast, lunch, and dinner. I don't think about it, I just have it.
Courage is often lack of insight, whereas cowardice in many cases is based on good information.
Our culture's obsession with vintage objects has rendered us unable to separate history from nostalgia. People want heart. They want a chaser of emotion with their aesthetics.
I have faith that God often uses our deepest pain as the launching pad of our greatest calling.
You can't allow tradition to get in the way of innovation. There's a need to respect the past, but it's a mistake to revere your past.
There is more power in unity than division.
Every day alive in the 'Power' world is a beautiful day.
Poe had this curious kind of alchemical courage, where he took all the terrible things and terrors that happened in his life, all this shame and fear and pain, and turned them into great works of art. He was a complex, brilliant person who was just wired too tight.
The key to excellent health and longevity is to eat a high ratio of micronutrients to macronutrients.
The most important thing for me was to never, ever, ever deny it. But I didn't really have the courage to talk about it. I was thinking, The people who need to know I'm gay know.
A man of courage never needs weapons, but he may need bail.
Different taste in jokes is a great strain on the affections.
I am not someone like A. B. de Villiers, Gayle, or Dhoni. I don't have that much power. I have to use my brain to manipulate the field and stick to my strength, which is to hit through the lines.
Imagination was given to man to compensate him for what he is not; a sense of humor to console him for what he is.
Men must be governed by God or they will be ruled by tyrants.
We cannot embrace God's forgiveness if we are so busy clinging to past wounds and nursing old grudges.
Be kind, don't judge, and have respect for others. If we can all do this, the world would be a better place. The point is to teach this to the next generation.
The meaning of life. The wasted years of life. The poor choices of life. God answers the mess of life with one word: 'grace.'
I'm not concerned with your liking or disliking me... All I ask is that you respect me as a human being.
Science and mindfulness complement each other in helping people to eat well and maintain their health and well-being.
As one whose husband and mother-in-law have died the victims of murder and assassination, I stand firmly and unequivocally opposed to the death penalty for those convicted of capital offenses... An evil deed is not redeemed by an evil deed of retaliation.
In our society leaving baby with Daddy is just one step above leaving the kids to be raised by wolves or apes.
The Bachelor'... and 'The Bachelorette'... and 'Bachelor in Paradise'... and the 'After the Final Rose ceremony'. I love a competition dating show.
With the bridal wear I love the fact that people show me their pictures about what I've done for their special day. It's lovely that I'm a part of someone's history.
One must be very particular about telling the truth. Through truth one can realize God.
Owning a popular sports team is very different than any other type of business. They don't throw parades when Apple has the biggest quarter in corporate history. People don't call and email asking for anyone from the team to come visit their sick child. They don't cry as they request a jersey of their child's favorite player to be buried with them.
It was funny actually because that was still during the time we were dating. He would get all these calls because supposedly before we broke up, we had already broken up in the trades, in the rags or whatever.
I have nothing but respect for John Cena and his work rate. He's one of the hardest-working wrestlers there ever was. He's been a great champion, an inspiring role model. It's not easy being John Cena and carrying all the weight of the company on your back all the time.
The further human society drifts away from nature, the less we understand interdependence.
Courage - you develop courage by doing small things like just as if you wouldn't want to pick up a 100-pound weight without preparing yourself.
We care for each other and care about our family, and we are both working towards the same goal.
The times in my life when I've been my thinnest, I've been a walking psycho wreck. Forget the fact that I was basically starving myself; skinny was usually due to some kind of loss. Death. Rejection. Divorce.
Normal social behavior requires that we be able to recognize identities in spite of change. Unless we can do so, there can be no human society as we know it.
Women are like cars: we all want a Ferrari, sometimes want a pickup truck, and end up with a station wagon.
The twentieth century has exhibited a barbarism and lack of respect for human life on a massive scale just about unknown before.
Competition makes things come out right. Well, what does that mean in health care? More hospitals so they compete with each other. More doctors compete with each other. More pharmaceutical companies. We set up war. Wait a minute, let's talk about the patient. The patient doesn't need a war.
We live in a society exquisitely dependent on science and technology, in which hardly anyone knows anything about science and technology.
Happy is the person who knows what to remember of the past, what to enjoy in the present, and what to plan for in the future.
To love our neighbor as ourselves is such a truth for regulating human society, that by that alone one might determine all the cases in social morality.
Bitcoin will make a dent in society when more normal transactions occur that would have occurred with dollars or credit card.
Power does not corrupt men; fools, however, if they get into a position of power, corrupt power.
The meaning of life is not to be discovered only after death in some hidden, mysterious realm; on the contrary, it can be found by eating the succulent fruit of the Tree of Life and by living in the here and now as fully and creatively as we can.
If you're feeling blue, lock yourself in a room, stand in front of a mirror, and dance - and laugh at yourself and be sexy. Dance the silliest and ugliest you've ever danced. Make fun of yourself and try to recover your sense of humor.
Art has the power to transform, to illuminate, to educate, inspire and motivate.
I believe in the city as a natural human environment, but we must humanize it. It's art that will re-define public space in the 21st Century. We can make our cities diverse, inspirational places by putting art, dance and performance in all its forms into the matrix of street life.
The comic is the perception of the opposite; humor is the feeling of it.
I'm a South Asian female that talks about relationships and periods and dating and all these things.
The more you do stuff, the better you get at dealing with how you still fail at it a lot of the time.
God may be in the details, but the goddess is in the questions. Once we begin to ask them, there's no turning back.
The quality that defines us as Americans is the courage to respond to being hit. The courage to root out and destroy the killers. And, most importantly, the courage to hold on to our values and protect our hard-won freedoms while doing it.
Something as curious as the monarchy won't survive unless you take account of people's attitudes. After all, if people don't want it, they won't have it.
One man with courage is a majority.
I want my buildings to take root and look as if they've always been there. It isn't about pastiche or adapting what's already there. It's about trying to blend the future and the past.
Our time here is magic! It's the only space you have to realize whatever it is that is beautiful, whatever is true, whatever is great, whatever is potential, whatever is rare, whatever is unique, in. It's the only space.
Garbage is the part of your history you don't want your family to know about.
If you believe in yourself and have dedication and pride - and never quit, you'll be a winner. The price of victory is high but so are the rewards.
Plus, you know, when I was young, there was a lot of respect for clowning in rock music - look at Little Richard. It was a part of the whole thing, and I always also believed that it released the audience.
Wit and playfulness represent a desperately serious transcendence of evil. Humor is both a form of wisdom and a means of survival.
Hope lies in dreams, in imagination, and in the courage of those who dare to make dreams into reality.
Our second phase was to develop a school curriculum that teaches tolerance, respect for differences, conflict resolution, anger management, and other attributes of peace.
The presence of industrial quantities of Byzantine pottery dating from the sixth century AD on the headland at Tintagel, Chinese silk in the tombs around Mecca and 'Arabic' numerals in the 13th-century beams of Salisbury Cathedral tell us we have been interdependent not for decades but across millennia.
Ignorance is the curse of God; knowledge is the wing wherewith we fly to heaven.
The pro-life movement is and has been led by women for decades. The history of the movement shows this, despite the current narrative about men 'controlling' or making laws about women's bodies.
Words, without power, is mere philosophy.
I want to know all Gods thoughts; all the rest are just details.
Every morning I wake up and thank God.
Dating is for children. Dating is for kids.
My humor is my creativity, and my skepticism is a gift.
The Old Testament teaches us that if we humble ourselves and pray, God will hear from heaven and heal our land. And the New Testament assures us that the fervent prayers of righteous men can make a difference.
Let them hate me, provided they respect my conduct.
A society that has more justice is a society that needs less charity.
The Founders recognized that Government is quite literally a necessary evil, that there must be opposition, between its various branches, and between political parties, for these are the only ways to temper the individual's greed for power and the electorates' desires for peace by submission to coercion or blandishment.
All great achievements require time.
History is the history of human behavior, and human behavior is the raw material of fiction. Most people recognize that novelists do research to get the facts right - how a glove factory works, for example, or how courtesans in imperial Japan dressed.
I used to hear on the radio people like Jack Benny or Bob Hope, but I never had any interest in their type of humor. I thought that I could do something more substantially meaningful with significant, thoughtful, analytical reflections on real life situations.
I hope to die in the saddle seat.
Humor is really one of the hardest things to define, very hard. And it's very ambiguous. You have it, or you don't. You can't attain it.
God always strives together with those who strive.
Perfection is the child of time.
I think being different, going against the grain of society is the greatest thing in the world.
I'm a good girl because I really believe in love, integrity, and respect.
When I first became recognizable from appearing on television, I abused my notoriety as much as I possibly could, at the expense of both my health and personal relationships.
Nothing which is true or beautiful or good makes complete sense in any immediate context of history; therefore we must be saved by faith.
Since Beau's death, I'm definitely shattered. I feel like a piece of china that's been glued back together again. The cracks may be imperceptible-but they're there. Look closely, and you can see the glue holding me together, the precarious edges that vein through my heart. I am not the same. I feel it every day.
Eternity: a moment standing still for ever.
Vision without power does bring moral elevation but cannot give a lasting culture.
You can't fake this music. You might be a great singer or a great musician but, in the need, that's got nothing to do with it. It's how you connect to the songs and to the history behind them.
When the solution is simple, God is answering.
Unlike a drop of water which loses its identity when it joins the ocean, man does not lose his being in the society in which he lives. Man's life is independent. He is born not for the development of the society alone, but for the development of his self.
The wise person often shuns society for fear of being bored.
I went to a restaurant that serves 'breakfast at any time'. So I ordered French Toast during the Renaissance.
Everything changes with time. You can't predict where you're gonna be next year; you have no idea, you know what I mean?
God isn't present in the past or future. The great 'I Am' is in the present moment. When I claim that presence, I can get through anything today.
To advocate a New Order was to seek freedom and respect for peoples without prejudice, and to seek a stable basis for the existence all peoples, equally, and free of threats.
Democracy is not merely a form of government. It is primarily a mode of associated living, of conjoint communicated experience. It is essentially an attitude of respect and reverence towards fellow men.
We're all funny. Humor unites us.
I pray to be a good servant to God, a father, a husband, a son, a friend, a brother, an uncle, a good neighbor, a good leader to those who look up to me, a good follower to those who are serving God and doing the right thing.
Football is for everyone, no matter what background you're from, what age, what level you play at. This is what it's all about: coming out today, having a good time, and getting involved.
Make space in your life for the things that matter, for family and friends, love and generosity, fun and joy. Without this, you will burn out in mid-career and wonder where your life went.
Among all the vicissitudes of life, which vary in each individual's experience, there is one event which sooner or later comes to everyone - Death!
Power intoxicates men. It is never voluntarily surrendered. It must be taken from them.
Early this morning, I signed my death warrant.
Ebola is a humiliating disease that strips you of your dignity. You are removed from family and put into isolation where you cannot even see the faces of those caring for you due to the protective suits - you can only see their eyes.
'Dear Society' really is my letter to society where I express the anguish I've been caused from such an image-based industry and culture we live in.
For me, forgiveness and compassion are always linked: how do we hold people accountable for wrongdoing and yet at the same time remain in touch with their humanity enough to believe in their capacity to be transformed?
A belief in hell and the knowledge that every ambition is doomed to frustration at the hands of a skeleton have never prevented the majority of human beings from behaving as though death were no more than an unfounded rumor.
The power is between your ears.The power is in your heart.
I used to work in public health, and the issues were sustainability, how the funds were being delineated, and if the funds were actually helping the people we think they're helping.
I think that anything that begins to give people a sense of their own worth and dignity is God.
There's power in naming yourself, in proclaiming to the world that this is who you are. Wielding this power is often a difficult step for many transgender people because it's also a very visible one.
I like to think I'll just be walking down the street one day and stop and meet someone, like, 'Oh my God, you're awesome,' and then we start dating.
Power does not change you, it unmasks you.
I have come to regard November as the older, harder man's October. I appreciate the early darkness and cooler temperatures. It puts my mind in a different place than October. It is a month for a quieter, slightly more subdued celebration of summer's death as winter tightens its grip.
It is folly for a man to pray to the gods for that which he has the power to obtain by himself.
You don't just become number one because you sing like everybody else. There is something different you bring to the table. Make sure you are constantly getting into the newest technologies. Learn the history of what you do, and always respect the ones who came before you.
An artist must create. If she doesn't, she will become a menace to society.
It is economically irrational to exclude large environmental costs from the balance sheets of the producers and the consumers. You are only kidding yourself if you export those costs on to society as a whole.
I am blessed to have a family like mine. If you have a good family then nothing else really matters.
Wit - the salt with which the American humorist spoils his intellectual cookery by leaving it out.
It created a global platform that allowed more people to plug and play, collaborate and compete, share knowledge and share work, than anything we have ever seen in the history of the world.
You know, true love really matters, friends really matter, family really matters. Being responsible and disciplined and healthy really matters.
My humor isn't meant to be mean or hurt anyone. But it's to make them uncomfortable and laugh. I like making people feel a different range of emotions. I like to make people a bit confused.
My motto is 'show respect to those who show respect to you.'
Death Row had a lot of artists. They had Snoop, the Dogg Pound, the Lady of Rage, and there was other artists that was also on the label, so it was a big list and a long wait. I didn't want to wait that long, so I started branching off and doing my own thing.
If I die a violent death, as some fear and a few are plotting, I know that the violence will be in the thought and the action of the assassins, not in my dying.
The risk of the Holocaust is not that it will be forgotten, but that it will be embalmed and surrounded by monuments and used to absolve all future sins.
History is formed by the people, those who have power and those without power. Each one of us makes history.
Amongst Women concentrated on the family, and the new book concentrates on a small community. The dominant units in Irish society are the family and the locality. The idea was that the whole world would grow out from that small space.
Having good health, being able to breathe and be happy, that's one of the most beautiful gifts. On top of that, I have the gift to play music and make people happy through that. I'm just telling you from my heart, I'm so in love with life.
Coming to Australia, it was just really magical for me. It just had the wow factor of a different sort of place and, more so, just being with a family that wanted to love me and to have me, because I knew back then, before coming to Australia, there was no way of getting back home or finding my real family.
God, if there is a God, take my soul, if I have a soul.
Leave no authority existing not responsible to the people.
Treasure the love you receive above all. It will survive long after your good health has vanished.
What the police in their ignorance have not figured out is that they have lost all credibility since World War II. They are sort of parasites on the fringe of society and do no particular good for anyone except possibly themselves.
That's what acting is - it's about... having the courage to allow your audience into the private moments of your characters' lives.
We live in a society obsessed with public opinion. But leadership has never been about popularity.
My mother's belief in spiritual healers grew stronger after our family went through a rough patch following my father's death. Sufi saint Karimullah Shah Kadri changed our lives, and all of us converted to Sufism. But it wasn't an instantaneous decision - it took us 10 years to convert. The change in religion was like washing away the past.
The library is the temple of learning, and learning has liberated more people than all the wars in history.
The stroke of death is as a lover's pinch, which hurts and is desired.
God, from a beautiful necessity, is Love.
If we can get people to focus on fruits and vegetables and more healthy foods, we'll be better in terms of our healthcare situation.
The authentic self is the soul made visible.
No punishment has ever possessed enough power of deterrence to prevent the commission of crimes. On the contrary, whatever the punishment, once a specific crime has appeared for the first time, its reappearance is more likely than its initial emergence could ever have been.
Freedom without virtue isn't freedom - it will eventually destroy a society.
It's an absolute honor to be taking part in the pageant for the Diamond Jubilee. This is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity and will be a moment in history that will always be remembered. I'm really looking forward to being out on the river with friends and family. To mark this historic moment will be extremely special.
The best thing about the future is that it comes only one day at a time.
I am a born hunter, like my father, my grandfather, and every man of my family before them.
The most efficient water power in the world - women's tears.
God our Heavenly Father knows us by name. Jesus Christ lives; He is the Messiah. He loves us. The Atonement of Jesus Christ is real; it brings immortality to all and opens the door to eternal life.
Women were very, very good at 'Pong'. It was part of the dating scene. The number of people who told me they met their wife or husband playing 'Pong' was huge. They were shoulder to shoulder, talking and playing. It was body contact and verbal contact.
My dad is Arab. I'm not Muslim, but half of family is, so I see a lot of injustice happening in the portrayal of Muslims that they don't have any heroes.
It takes a lot of courage to show your dreams to someone else.
I got sick of trying everything. I tried every single thing imaginable - diet, exercise. I even bought a house on the health spa property, and I still gained weight.
My family is my strength and my weakness.
Prayer is our invitation to God to intervene in the affairs of earth. It is our request for Him to work His ways in this world.
We want to uplift the culture of Filipino - our respect to our elders, how we pray before we eat and sleep. These are things the younger generations tend to forget because of our exposure to other cultures.
All that is valuable in human society depends upon the opportunity for development accorded the individual.
Sports have always been a big part of my life. At school, I played a lot of different sports, and I was competing with other schools. I did everything: running, volleyball, basketball, soccer, Olympic-style gymnastics, and more! My history with sports gave me good concentration, focus, strength, and motivation to stay healthy.
If I made a commitment, I stood by that commitment - and try to make it real. Because when you become leaders, the most important thing you have is your word, your trust. That's where respect comes from.
We have the power to make this the best generation of mankind in the history of the world or to make it the last.
I have a lot of things to prove to myself. One is that I can live my life fearlessly.
I wasn't close to my father, but I wanted to be all my life. He had a funny sense of humor, and he laughed all the time - good and loud, like I do. He was a gay Irish gentleman and very good-looking. And he wanted to be close to me, too, but we never had much time together.
History proves... that a smart central bank can protect the economy and the financial sector from the nastier side effects of a stock market collapse.
Respect your parents. What they tell you is true. Hard work, dedication and faith will get you anything. Imagination will drive itself. You can get anything you want, but you have to have faith behind all your ideas. Stick to your goals and have an undying faith.
All first responders do noble work, and all of them deserve our respect and our appreciation.
I always wanted to be a chef. Flavors and food were always of interest to me, but it was how those things brought friends and family together to celebrate not only the special occasions but everyday life. It has been a blessing that I have been able to pursue a career that creates a product that brings people together.
You cannot achieve environmental security and human development without addressing the basic issues of health and nutrition.
A person needs at intervals to separate himself from family and companions and go to new places. He must go without his familiars in order to be open to influences, to change.
However successful you are, there is no substitute for a close relationship. We all need them.
Positive energy is meant to give people confidence and hope, encourage people to love their country, society and life, as well as to pursue nice things. Everything we do is ultimately for the sake of spreading positive energy.
People get married for a wide array of reasons and have all sorts of expectations of how marriage will change the relationship. And while it's true that turning the person you're dating into a legal partner does affect certain things, those who expect marriage to be a cure-all for all your relationship woes are sorely mistaken.
I don't work out and be healthy and want a strong body because I want to look good in a bikini. I do all of those things for me and for my health. I'm not going on the cover of 'Maxim' and 'FHM' because that's not me.
There are two drawbacks to steroids, one is the potential problems with your health and the second one is it is very easy for people to dismiss everything you have put into it by saying, 'yeah but he takes steroids.'
My only concern is playing. Everything else, my family looks after. In our house, everyone has a job, and my job in our house is to play football.
Age does not depend upon years, but upon temperament and health. Some men are born old, and some never grow so.
Why indeed must 'God' be a noun? Why not a verb - the most active and dynamic of all.
Courage! I have shown it for years; think you I shall lose it at the moment when my sufferings are to end?
If we had any nerve at all, if we had any real balls as a society, or whatever you need, whatever quality you need, real character, we would make an effort to really address the wrongs in this society, righteously.
Throughout the years, many Christian women have told me of their great respect for the bravery and courage evident in my work, perhaps even gesturing to their own Isis earrings or a Nile River Goddess pendants.
John F. Kennedy brought style and charisma to the White House and a first family that captivated the country: a handsome, witty president, an elegant first lady, and two adorable young children.
Enshrined in a language is the whole of a community's history and a large part of its cultural identity. The world is a mosaic of visions. To lose even one piece of this mosaic is a loss for all of us.
Never lose an opportunity of seeing anything beautiful, for beauty is God's handwriting.
I can't live without a sense of humor. I need to be laughing and entertained at all times.
Physicians today, as human beings, are not exempt from the perverse economic pressures created by fee-for-service regimes to see more patients for shorter appointments and order more tests and procedures. If the incentives were changed to pay to foster better health outcomes, I am convinced physician behavior would change over time.
You have to respect your audience. Without them, you're essentially standing alone, singing to yourself.
'Tis the business of little minds to shrink; but he whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves his conduct, will pursue his principles unto death.
The appeal of conservatism is the mutuality it asserts between individual and political freedom, its beautiful idea of a free man in a free society. And it offers minorities the one thing they can never get from liberalism: human rather than racial dignity.
At NBC I wasn't really sure if the grandparents were going to get my sense of humor on a particular topic.
True security is based on people's welfare - on a thriving economy, on strong public health and education programmes, and on fundamental respect for our common humanity. Development, peace, disarmament, reconciliation and justice are not separate from security; they help to underpin it.
The infrastructure for linking environmental health and public health is not working as well as it should.
If people respect us as artists, they know we'll give them something different every time; they know we're pushing ourselves.
In my view - which could be wrong, but it is my field - there is no better formula for social instability than to divide a society between two ascribed characteristics that are seen as opposite.
The only difference between death and taxes is that death doesn't get worse every time Congress meets.
Civility, politeness, it's like a cement in a society: binds it together. And when we lose it, then I think we all feel lesser and slightly dirty because of it.
We relish news of our heroes, forgetting that we are extraordinary to somebody too.
Roosevelt's humor was broad, his manner friendly. Of wit there was little; of philosophy, none. What did he possess? Intuition, inspiration, love of adventure.
Saving our planet, lifting people out of poverty, advancing economic growth... these are one and the same fight. We must connect the dots between climate change, water scarcity, energy shortages, global health, food security and women's empowerment. Solutions to one problem must be solutions for all.
Yesterday's the past, tomorrow's the future, but today is a gift. That's why it's called the present.
The opposite of faith is not doubt: It is certainty. It is madness. You can tell you have created God in your own image when it turns out that he or she hates all the same people you do.
Courage is soldiers fighting on the front line, or people living on the bread line.
The predator wants your silence. It feeds their power, entitlement, and they want it to feed your shame.
When you look at Prince Charles, don't you think that someone in the Royal family knew someone in the Royal family?
I believe in pink. I believe that laughing is the best calorie burner. I believe in kissing, kissing a lot. I believe in being strong when everything seems to be going wrong. I believe that happy girls are the prettiest girls. I believe that tomorrow is another day and I believe in miracles.
We make the future sustainable when we invest in the poor, not when we insist on their suffering.
Art enables us to find ourselves and lose ourselves at the same time.
Tolerance is the price we pay for living in a free, pluralistic society.
Just as Darwin discovered the law of development of organic nature, so Marx discovered the law of development of human history: the simple fact, hitherto concealed by an overgrowth of ideology, that mankind must first of all eat, drink, have shelter and clothing, before it can pursue politics, science, art, religion, etc.
I am a doctor - it's a profession that may be considered a special mission, a devotion. It calls for involvement, respect and willingness to help all other people.
History does nothing; it does not possess immense riches, it does not fight battles. It is men, real, living, who do all this.
As a rule I start the day with a delicious health cocktail which includes soya protein powder, porridge oats, water, vitamin C, sunflower seeds and honey, plus Dr Udo's Ultimate Oil Blend for all the essential fatty acids your body needs.
My priority is to turn people - especially kids - on to sports and being active so they don't even have to think about it being good for their health. If people participate for the fun of it, and believe me - it is fun, then fitness programs will be much more successful.
I loved growing up in Canada. It's a great place to grow up because - well, at least where I grew up - it's very multicultural. There's also good health care and a good education system.
All truly historical peoples have an idea they must realize, and when they have sufficiently exploited it at home, they export it, in a certain way, by war; they make it tour the world.
Society, in general, has taught for many generations that when you reach a certain age, you have to learn to stop playing.
We are eternal beings. We lived as intelligent spirits before this mortal life. We are now living part of eternity. Our mortal birth was not the beginning; death, which faces all of us, is not the end.
By deafness one gains in one respect more than one loses; one misses more nonsense than sense.
I have the responsibility of over four million people, and I am in a position to do good, to be able to bring about a new life for my people, and I will continue to move in that direction. It's a burden, but it needs to be done, and you have to have the courage and wisdom to see it through.
What brings you closer to God is being in service to others. I think any religion or spiritual way of life will indicate that service to others will lead to a connection with a higher power.
Vox populi vox dei: the voice of the people is the voice of God. The slogan was useful for those who first attempted to substitute the people for God as the source of political authority. Their attempt was ultimately so successful that God no longer seems to be needed in government.
Having the courage to say no when all your friends are saying yes is one of the most difficult things you'll ever have to do. Doing it, however, is one of the biggest charges you can ever make to your personal battery. I call this 'won't power.'
My definition of courage is never letting anyone define you.
I really hate sitcoms on television with canned laughter and stuff. What really makes me laugh is the real-life stuff. I've got a dry sense of humor.
Happiness is a butterfly, which when pursued, is always just beyond your grasp, but which, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you.
It's your outlook on life that counts. If you take yourself lightly and don't take yourself too seriously, pretty soon you can find the humor in our everyday lives. And sometimes it can be a lifesaver.
Don't limit yourself. Many people limit themselves to what they think they can do. You can go as far as your mind lets you. What you believe, remember, you can achieve.
A moderate addiction to money may not always be hurtful; but when taken in excess it is nearly always bad for the health.
The struggle goes on. The victory is in the struggle, for me. And I accepted that a long time ago.
Everything changes with time. I am not so experienced enough to analyze what the people love in me.
In the household in which I was raised, the themes were pretty simple. 'Work hard. Don't quit. Be appreciative, be thankful, be grateful, be respectful. Also, never whine, never complain. And always, for crying out loud, keep a sense of humor.'
Could I have but a line a century hence crediting a contribution to the advance of peace, I would yield every honor which has been accorded by war.
Our future growth relies on competitiveness and innovation, skills and productivity... and these in turn rely on the education of our people.
I run my own world, because I very firmly believe that my destiny, my future is in my hands and I don't want to blame anybody else for the path that I take.
In the dating game, the world is difficult because people don't communicate, or they communicate, but then their actions speak louder than words.
My attitude when I'm in Mexico is I wake up in the morning with nothing to do and I go to bed half done. I don't wear a watch. When I live down there, I do nothing according to time. I eat when I'm hungry and go to sleep when I'm tired.
When I was young, my favorite picture book was 'Fletcher and Zenobia,' written by Edward Gorey and illustrated by Victoria Chess. It's long out of print now, but its mix of macabre humor and 1960s psychedelia made it a perfect children's book for the times.
Formerly, when religion was strong and science weak, men mistook magic for medicine; now, when science is strong and religion weak, men mistake medicine for magic.
I grew up Jewish. I am Jewish. I went to an Episcopal high school. I went to a Baptist college. I've taken every comparative-religion course that was available. God? I have no idea.
It is not desirable to cultivate a respect for the law, so much as for the right.
In a modern and innovative society, where advancements are plentiful and communication is instantaneous, science and technology are a part of everyday life.
We should all have the legal right to purchase health insurance from any insurance company in any state, and we should be able use that insurance wherever we live. Health insurance should be portable.
Health care comprises nearly 20 percent of our national economy, but outdated bureaucracy and red tape have stifled competition and raised costs. As a result, today more than 45 million are without any health coverage.
I don't necessarily want kids. A lot of our friends are having children and I don't know if it's for me. I haven't come down hardcore on either side of the argument. I think when people come from a stable family having children becomes a celebration and I'm not sure it would be that way for me.
Ultimately, a real understanding of history means that we face nothing new under the sun.
This I conceive to be the chemical function of humor: to change the character of our thought.
It was the labor movement that helped secure so much of what we take for granted today. The 40-hour work week, the minimum wage, family leave, health insurance, Social Security, Medicare, retirement plans. The cornerstones of the middle-class security all bear the union label.
The original communitarianism of Chinese Confucian society has degenerated into nepotism, a system of family linkages, and corruption, on the mainland. And remnants of the evils of the original system are still found in Taiwan, Hong Kong, and even Singapore.
My mother used to tell me man gives the award, God gives the reward. I don't need another plaque.
Talking about what any one section of our society has to do to combat racism just stops people outside that group asking difficult questions of themselves. We keep looking at symptoms and not treating the cause.
I think the greatest of people that have ever been in society, they were never versions of someone else. They were themselves.
There is so much work to be done to treat gays and lesbians and gay and lesbian couples with the respect that they're entitled to. They deserve, in my judgment, partnership benefits. They deserve to be treated fairly when it comes to adoption and immigration.
A Conservative is a fellow who is standing athwart history yelling 'Stop!'
Often the test of courage is not to die but to live.
The design process usually starts as a fantasy, with ideas that I dream of and visualize. These ideas become a reality by bringing various ingredients together, from the lifestyle of my bride, her age and sex appeal, to the textures of the finest fabrics and embroideries that we produce in my family factories in India.
In the inhalation and exhalation there is an energy and a lively divine spirit, since He, through his spirit supports the breath of life, giving courage to the people who are in the earth and spirit to those who walk on it.
No one knew me until I met my wife Lulu. Lulu's mother used to ask, Which one is Maurice? For six months she thought Lulu was dating Barry.
Depression is the inability to construct a future.
No evil can happen to a good man, either in life or after death.
Can someone within that society walk into the town square and say what they want without fear of being punished for his or her views? If so, then that society is a free society. If not, it is a fear society.
A lot of people can find something to laugh at in my humor, I guess.
I believe our flag is more than just cloth and ink. It is a universally recognized symbol that stands for liberty, and freedom. It is the history of our nation, and it's marked by the blood of those who died defending it.
God forgives us... who am I not to forgive?
Every parting is a form of death, as every reunion is a type of heaven.
I get no respect. The way my luck is running, if I was a politician I would be honest.
I believe that singing is the key to long life, a good figure, a stable temperament, increased intelligence, new friends, super self-confidence, heightened sexual attractiveness, and a better sense of humor.
Good health is not something we can buy. However, it can be an extremely valuable savings account.
It is easy enough to praise men for the courage of their convictions. I wish I could teach the sad young of this mealy generation the courage of their confusions.
Before the 1970s, banks were banks. They did what banks were supposed to do in a state capitalist economy: they took unused funds from your bank account, for example, and transferred them to some potentially useful purpose like helping a family buy a home or send a kid to college.
I know my generation - a lot of them, they're getting old now, and they want to think back fondly, they want to kid themselves. A lot of them think, 'Yeah, we were the best.' That's the kiss of death. That's non-growth. And also that's very bad for the world.
I hope I contribute something useful to the human family. That's my intention. And I hope that it's useful to people.
What happened in the missile crisis in October 1962 has been prettified to make it look as if acts of courage and thoughtfulness abounded. The truth is that the whole episode was almost insane.
When trouble comes, it's your family that supports you.
A hypocrite despises those whom he deceives, but has no respect for himself. He would make a dupe of himself too, if he could.
In the past, modeling influences were largely confined to the styles of behavior and social practices in one's immediate community. The advent of television vastly expanded the range of models to which members of society are exposed day in and day out.
My friends and family are my support system. They tell me what I need to hear, not what I want to hear and they are there for me in the good and bad times. Without them I have no idea where I would be and I know that their love for me is what's keeping my head above the water.
And when is there time to remember, to sift, to weigh, to estimate, to total?
I grew up in a family full of strong women. A great aunt on my mother's side had been a matron on a hospital ship in World War II, and one on my father's side had served in the Women's Royal Naval Service.
We should be tolerant, fair, open, and we should understand the rights that all people have in our society.
What does 'dating' mean? I don't know. I couldn't say.
Have the courage of your desire.
It's refreshing to have some time off from wondering whether I look fat.
I am not an anti-Semite! I have a great respect for the Jewish people.
That's why for Zakk Wylde's Black Label Society the colors are black and white. There are no gray issues. Life is black and it's white. There's no in-between.
Deep-learning will transform every single industry. Healthcare and transportation will be transformed by deep-learning. I want to live in an AI-powered society. When anyone goes to see a doctor, I want AI to help that doctor provide higher quality and lower cost medical service. I want every five-year-old to have a personalised tutor.
I think that dating other musicians can be complicated at times. Especially when they think highly of themselves.
Because bisexual people almost have a foot in the gay and the straight world, their friends can misunderstand them too. Like if a bisexual man starts dating another man, people are like 'Ah, he's gay,' but you know, bisexual people remain bisexual, and their attractions can change and flux over time.
I like portraying women of character in my books. Women who exhibit loyalty and courage.
One of the dreams on my wish list is to spend more time in Thailand.
I believe in the power of intention to change the landscape of our society - and it is my intention to live an authentic life of compassion and integrity and action. Jamey Rodemeyer's life changed mine.
I get to be the nosiest friend or acquaintance that anyone has because it's - my job is to ask you about your dating life all the time.
I'm hungry for knowledge. The whole thing is to learn every day, to get brighter and brighter. That's what this world is about. You look at someone like Gandhi, and he glowed. Martin Luther King glowed. Muhammad Ali glows. I think that's from being bright all the time, and trying to be brighter.
I want to be motivational and inspirational for everybody: my big aim is more women on bicycles.
One of the greatest attacks of the enemy is to make you busy, to make you hurried, to make you noisy, to make you distracted, to fill the people of God and the Church of God with so much noise and activity that there is no room for prayer. There is no room for being alone with God. There is no room for silence. There is no room for meditation.
There is a loftier ambition than merely to stand high in the world. It is to stoop down and lift mankind a little higher.
Our guiding principle was that design is neither an intellectual nor a material affair, but simply an integral part of the stuff of life, necessary for everyone in a civilized society.
Family, work, familiarity. Listen, if I had a magic wand and I could make myself really be happy, I'd zap me onto a farm. And I know nothing about farming.
With honesty of purpose, balance, a respect for tradition, courage, and, above all, a philosophy of life, any young person who embraces the historical profession will find it rich in rewards and durable in satisfaction.
My older brother and I read all the time. My father read, but only things related to religion. One year, he did read a set of stories that was called something like '365 Stories' out loud to us. They followed a family for the year, a page a day. They were about kids with simple problems - like a wheel coming off their bicycle.
The learned are not agreed as to the time when the Gospel of John was written; some dating it as early as the year 68, others as late as the year 98; but it is generally conceded to have been written after all the others.
I've written about this before, but the sad truth is this: There are only a handful of Trump true believers in the Senate. The rest are chugging a toxic slurry of cowardice, ambition, and opportunism that has led members of the upper house of a co-equal branch of government to relinquish their power and prerogatives.
The wish for healing has always been half of health.
But if you don't watch me, I will try and sneak in some humor. I see humor everywhere in life around me.
What are we promoting in society? Well-behaved automatons that spew back what they learned in a book. That's not science. You can get a parrot to do that.
Every human being, of whatever origin, of whatever station, deserves respect. We must each respect others even as we respect ourselves.
Even within the last three or four years, I have a greater ability to communicate, I think. I have more courage to show the stuff... And it does take courage.
You grow up and recognize that in any educated secular society, there's no excuse for ignorance. You have to recognize in yourself, and challenge yourself, that if you see racism or homophobia or misogyny in a secular society, as a member of that society, you should challenge it. You owe it to the betterment of society.
It doesn't matter where you come from, what you have or don't have, what you lack, or what you have too much of. But all you need to have is faith in God, an undying passion for what you do and what you choose to do in this life, and a relentless drive and the will to do whatever it takes to be successful in whatever you put your mind to.
There is no limit to the power of loving.
Plan B is really a little garage band of three people, and our mandate has been to help get difficult material, that might not otherwise get made, to the screen and to work with directors we respect.
I don't know any of us who are in relationships that are totally honest - it doesn't exist.
Nothing separates a woman or a family from God's love. Not death, and certainly not divorce.
With each new day in Africa, a gazelle wakes up knowing he must outrun the fastest lion or perish. At the same time, a lion stirs and stretches, knowing he must outrun the fastest gazelle or starve. It's no different for the human race. Whether you consider yourself a gazelle or a lion, you have to run faster than others to survive.
Some men are alive simply because it is against the law to kill them.
In March 2008, when I was 24 years old, a man I had been dating arranged for an accomplice to throw sulphuric acid in my face.
I am careful not to confuse excellence with perfection. Excellence I can reach for; perfection is God's business.
In marriage, a woman becomes the weaker sex, even if her husband doesn't want her to be. This happens because of the way society has built the institution.
You may not enjoy loneliness, because loneliness is sad. But solitude is something else; solitude is what you look forward to when you want to be alone, when you want to be with yourself. So, solitude is something we all need from time to time.
Question with boldness even the existence of a God; because, if there be one, he must more approve of the homage of reason, than that of blind-folded fear.
Nobody enjoys the 'little show about nothing' humor more than me, but that is never the way I look at it.
When I was old enough to change my name, I changed it to Mr. T so that the first word out of someone's mouth was 'Mister,' a sign of respect.
If we don't know life, how can we know death?
I sometimes wonder if the tragedies my family has suffered are a kind of karmic price for all the fame and fortune the Bee Gees have had.
Any kind of new U.K. federal system would almost certainly demand the creation of a written constitution. Properly drafted, such a document could, among many things, pin down more effectively the proper dimensions of prime ministerial power.
It's about enjoying your life. If you have no family, no friends to enjoy it with, it don't matter how much you have, how much success you have, how much fame you have, how much money you have, it doesn't matter.
A prime example of 'turning the other cheek' would be the United States allowing Canada to exist as a country. Sure, we could take over Canada with ease. We'd certainly benefit from conquering a country rich in natural resources and never-ending comedic talent. Instead, we decide to make friends and treat them with the utmost respect.
How one deals with the death of a loved one is a highly personalized affair. Some people weep for days; others take a hike in the woods or count rosary beads.
I'm single, and I hate dating.
We don't appreciate the value of humor sometimes.
There can be no keener revelation of a society's soul than the way in which it treats its children.
God in His wisdom has decided that He will reward no works but His own.
Civilization is a method of living, an attitude of equal respect for all men.
I like smoking! I mean, God, I quit everything else, can't I smoke?
We act as if that being of a man or that being of a woman is actually an internal reality or something that is simply true about us, a fact about us, but actually it's a phenomenon that is being produced all the time and reproduced all the time, so to say gender is performative is to say that nobody really is a gender from the start.
I didn't write my book, 'I Don't Care About Your Band,' in order to give women a brand-new set of dating rules they need to feel terrible about not abiding. I wrote my book to make the women who read it feel good about themselves, and a little more entitled to be treated well by the guys they go out with.
Aside from my family, I have two great loves in my life: acting and the fight for social justice.
Earth teach me to forget myself as melted snow forgets its life. Earth teach me resignation as the leaves which die in the fall. Earth teach me courage as the tree which stands all alone. Earth teach me regeneration as the seed which rises in the spring.
Once you figure out what respect tastes like, it tastes better than attention. But you have to get there.
Lying has a kind of respect and reverence with it. We pay a person the compliment of acknowledging his superiority whenever we lie to him.
The mind that is anxious about the future is miserable.
The health of a democratic society may be measured by the quality of functions performed by private citizens.
There have been ups and downs over the years, but that's in the past, and now I'm just looking forward and focussed on the future ahead.
Faith is deliberate confidence in the character of God whose ways you may not understand at the time.
I got my sense of humor from my grandmother. You know, my grandmother was very funny.
The medical literature tells us that the most effective ways to reduce the risk of heart disease, cancer, stroke, diabetes, Alzheimer's, and many more problems are through healthy diet and exercise. Our bodies have evolved to move, yet we now use the energy in oil instead of muscles to do our work.
Innovations that are guided by smallholder farmers, adapted to local circumstances, and sustainable for the economy and environment will be necessary to ensure food security in the future.
It felt as if things were literally slipping through my fingers. Things were just streaming away from me. I lost my sense of humor. I'm still looking for that.
Dating back at least as far as the Luddites of early 19th-century Britain, new technologies cause fear about the inevitable changes they bring.
It takes a lot of work to put together a marriage, to put together a family and a home.
My parents always looked like they loved being together. That's what I took from them, and that's how my wife and I are. I still feel like we're dating.
We always project into the future or reflect in the past, but we are so little in the present.
Good planning is important. I've also regarded a sense of humor as one of the most important things on a big expedition. When you're in a difficult or dangerous situation, or when you're depressed about the chances of success, someone who can make you laugh eases the tension.
That morning of 11 September 2001, as we watched the twin towers crumble on live television, America and I would develop a bond that has proven deeper and more enduring - for better or worse, through sickness and health - than the one I had with my now ex-husband.
Just remaining quietly in the presence of God, listening to Him, being attentive to Him, requires a lot of courage and know-how.
The history of men's opposition to women's emancipation is more interesting perhaps than the story of that emancipation itself.
Some people have a hard time getting rid of stuff. If that's you, pray for God to give you the courage to get rid of things you don't really need or things He wants you to give away. This will help keep your surroundings organized and clutter-free.
Humor is the truth; wit is an exaggeration of the truth.
Sometimes you need faith and victory spoken over your life. Words have created power. When you receive them into your spirit, they can ignite seeds of increase on the inside.
I've always had a sick sense of humor, and I've always wanted that to permeate the music because I don't take myself seriously. I take the music seriously, but I know I'm not God's gift to anyone except my mom.
I think we all have empathy. We may not have enough courage to display it.
Anyone who was alive during the outbreak of the bubonic plague in the 14th century experienced something terrifyingly close to the widespread death and chaos of an apocalyptic event.
You can't be afraid to fail. It's the only way you succeed - you're not gonna succeed all the time, and I know that.
Although most executives pay lip service to the idea of hiring for cultural fit, few have the courage or discipline to make it the primary criteria for bringing someone into the company.
I arrived in Hartford as a 25-year-old naive state legislator who believed in universal health care. I rose to become the 29-year-old Chairman of the legislature's Health Committee.
Fads are the kiss of death. When the fad goes away, you go with it.
I have been a foreigner all my life, first as a daughter of diplomats, then as a political refugee and now as an immigrant in the U.S. I have had to leave everything behind and start anew several times, and I have lost most of my extended family.
I was brought up a Muslim and I respect the religion I was born into, but I don't practise it. However, I do believe in thanking God for my happy life.
I don't want to expose my personal life. It's best that people know me for my work. My family doesn't want to be surrounded by cameras. We want to live like any other family.
In my view, there is nothing more vicious and outrageous than the abuse, exploitation and harm of the most vulnerable members of our society, and I firmly believe that our nation's laws and resources need to reflect the seriousness of these terrible crimes.
God gave me an ability to throw a baseball. He chose me for a reason, and I want to honor Him with that.
The main thing is that it's nice to see these young people - 9 to 14 years old - take the opportunity to get more involved in their health and fitness. We need more kids to be more active.
I would encourage you: be informed - knowledge is power.
A big part of making music is the discovery aspect, is the surprise aspect. That's why I think I'll always love sampling. Because it involves combining the music fandom: collecting, searching, discovering music history, and artifacts of recording that you may not have known existed and you just kind of unlock parts of your brain, you know?
Our railways maintain a healthy economy and society. They keep businesses running and families close. They're a vital public service and must be treated as such.
Humor is such a wonderful thing, helping you realize what a fool you are but how beautiful that is at the same time.
Give light, and the darkness will disappear of itself.
The sort of the most efficient way for online dating marketplace to evolve and, in fact, any marketplace to evolve is to have one really big market where people can enter and exit as they please, where people have really advanced search, sort, and filtering technology.
A liberal education... frees a man from the prison-house of his class, race, time, place, background, family and even his nation.
I'm somewhat horrified because I don't think the young people today even know what history is. Some of them don't' even study History at school anymore or Geography and they don't know where one place is from another.
Religion has caused more misery to all of mankind in every stage of human history than any other single idea.
The things you cannot change you can't waste your time on.
Every day we should hear at least one little song, read one good poem, see one exquisite picture, and, if possible, speak a few sensible words.
It is never too late to be what you might have been.
My parents weren't around much, but I assumed everybody's family was the same. I didn't know people had mummies and daddies who would give them milk and cookies after school. I just thought everybody lived on Central Park West and they had a nanny to take care of them.
God made man in his own image, and man returned the favour.
Nothing puzzles me more than the time and space; and yet nothing troubles me less.
It's really weird when people scrutinize every little thing about you and talk about your outfits and your weight and who you're dating... and there's absolutely nothing you can do about it.
No government fights fascism to destroy it. When the bourgeoisie sees that power is slipping out of its hands, it brings up fascism to hold onto their privileges.
As Congress debates overhauling the nation's health care system, it should not authorize a reform plan that would further our financial woes. We must avoid creating an unsustainable government program. There is no question that reform is needed, but health care can be made more affordable without massive and expensive new bureaucracies.
Life is tragic comedy, in a way. There is humor.
Social media websites are no longer performing an envisaged function of creating a positive communication link among friends, family and professionals. It is a veritable battleground, where insults fly from the human quiver, damaging lives, destroying self-esteem and a person's sense of self-worth.
As Miss World 2017, and even later in life, I'd like to take health and hygiene to everybody.
I really do believe that God is love, one of deep affection and grace and forgiveness and inspiration.
Courage stands halfway between cowardice and rashness, one of which is a lack, the other an excess of courage.
The only power any government has is the power to crack down on criminals. Well, when there aren't enough criminals, one makes them. One declares so many things to be a crime that it becomes impossible for men to live without breaking laws.
The key to organizing an alternative society is to organize people around what they can do, and more importantly, what they want to do.
I don't know if love exists, not the kind that keeps. I think love's an infatuation that turns into a habit, because you can't keep that passion going. You get used to people, and that's death for me - I like to be surprised.
Audacity augments courage; hesitation, fear.
Imagine a world where everything that can be connected will be connected - where driverless cars talk to smart transportation networks and where wireless sensors can monitor your health and transmit data to your doctor. That's a snapshot of what the 5G world will look like.
Not the power to remember, but its very opposite, the power to forget, is a necessary condition for our existence.
God loves you unconditionally, as you are and not as you should be, because nobody is as they should be.
I can't stress to you enough how much I can relate to teens being cyberbullied. Something that helps me is looking at old videos of me and my friends from middle school, or videos of my family. I love watching funny videos of my favorite people - it really cheers me up.
What's great about the geek spirit is that life never seems to stop us, and they never seem to kill our enthusiasm, our optimism and our hunger to experience the world. We keep our sense of humor, we protect our dignity, we talk to our friends about the experience and then we start again fresh the very next day.
You really don't need to wear any make-up most of the time; keep your eyebrows the way they are, and find your own natural beauty signature.
I'm actually the son of Mary Guibert. My mother was born in the Panama Canal zone and came to America when she was five with my grandmother and grandfather, and that was the family I knew. Everybody sang; everybody had songs all the time, and they loved music.
When modeling agencies were saying that I was too big and gaining weight, my mom said, 'OK, we're going to discuss what they're saying over pizza, and we're going to plan the future of your career which doesn't involve you having to be skinny.'
Spontaneous combustion of grassroots politics is the future.
I like talent. I respect talent. I teach talent.
We awoke one morning in September, and the world lurched on its axis.
It's not life or death it's a game and at the end of the game there is going to be a winner and a loser.
In short, we need to recover the courage we celebrate in our heroes, and in particular, the courage to tolerate, for the sake of a free society, a level of risk we hardly ever imagined in the past.
I'm sick to death of famous people standing up and using their celebrity to promote a cause. If I see a particular need, I do try to help. But there's a lot that can be achieved by putting a check in the right place and shutting up about it.
If we can provide even a few months of early warning for just one pandemic, the benefits will outweigh all the time and energy we're devoting. Imagine preventing health crises, not just responding to them.
I am of the view that the Affordable Care Act will be a transformative piece of legislation that can lower the cost of health care in the United States - perhaps our greatest fiscal obstacle - and help all Americans lead healthy and productive lives, free from worry that a single illness could mean ruin for an entire family.
Failure is unimportant. It takes courage to make a fool of yourself.
My two big date deal breakers are someone with no sense of humor and someone who chews badly. I will never be with someone who never laughs or someone who chews disgustingly, so if either of those things are detected on a date - it's a total deal breaker.
Music and the blues, they have taught me a lot. I think in this book, 'Book Of Hours,' there is this blues sensibility. There are moments of humor even in the sorrow, and I'm really interested in the way that the blues have that tragic-comic view of life - what Langston Hughes called 'laughing to keep from crying.'
I hope my music can help many nations all over the world see that the true things come out of the earth, and then they go back into the earth. But the true love you have to find within yourself and learn to respect one another from nation to nation.
Avoid lawsuits beyond all things; they pervert your conscience, impair your health, and dissipate your property.
Ultimately, the reason we have a Constitution, the reason we have separation of powers, the reason we have the Fourteenth Amendment is to provide the courts with the opportunity to override the will of the people when the will of the people discriminates against a segment of our society.
J. M. G. Le Clezio
Bruges is a beautiful medieval city almost untouched by time. If you like jazz, you will be well catered for. If you like chocolate and beer, you will be in heaven.
Everything is funny, as long as it's happening to somebody else.
With all due respect, I have a job to do, and that is to try and make 'Endeavour' the best it can be.
A museum is like a valuing machine. Museums and the industrial society started at the same moment, and they're really tied into each other. They've been all about displaying objects and the kind of wealth that can be derived from objects and promoting that point.
I was born in a poor family, a lower middle class family. My father was a clerk in the forest department. I was very bad at studies. I was not very good at sports, also.
The concept of multiculturalism is difficult to make fit with a democratic society.
Posterity! You will never know how much it cost the present generation to preserve your freedom! I hope you will make a good use of it.
Every cliche about kids is true; they grow up so quickly, you blink and they're gone, and you have to spend the time with them now. But that's a joy.
The national unity government will need to implement a program that brings all Iraqis together, builds a happy future for the people of Iraq, and gets Iraq to stand on its own feet.
I don't think quantity time is as special as quality time with your family.
Courage is willingness to take the risk once you know the odds. Optimistic overconfidence means you are taking the risk because you don't know the odds. It's a big difference.
Vaccines are the tugboats of preventive health.
Take some time to learn first aid and CPR. It saves lives, and it works.
There is a lovable quality about the actual tools. One feels so kindly to the thing that enables the hand to obey the brain. Moreover, one feels a good deal of respect for it; without it the brain and the hand would be helpless.
The prudent course is to make an investment in learning, testing and understanding, determine how the new concepts compare to how you now operate and thoughtfully determine how they apply to what you want to achieve in the future.
I am become death, the destroyer of worlds.
I would like to work with anyone in the business who wants to give respect back to the Jamaican vibe.
Family trips to Yellowstone and to what are now national parks in Southern Utah, driving the primitive roads and cars of that day, were real adventures.
Studying physics, mathematics, and chemistry is worshipping God.
Vaccines are the most cost-effective health care interventions there are. A dollar spent on a childhood vaccination not only helps save a life, but greatly reduces spending on future healthcare.
And I think most people in this country want to see a president that's got the courage to say we're going to cut the tax burden, and reduce the regulatory climate, and we're going to get Americans working.
If a man has not discovered something that he will die for, he isn't fit to live.
The way you deal with automation is by upgrading people's skills so they can get the jobs of the future.
We've seen the worst that human beings are capable of. We've seen what happens when leaders abandon common decency in favor of rage and hate. Through the lens of history, the Holocaust happened yesterday, the civil rights movement was this morning, so we are not as out of the woods as we might have thought.
Dating is a numbers game. What we try to promise is good first dates. Once that first date happens, it's really up to you.
A lot of the problems in society nowadays are down to diet and lifestyle - be that obesity, diabetes, asthma caused by smoking or drinking.
Dating, to people, can mean completely different things.
I couldn't really say that a repressive society would result in creative art. But somehow it does help, it is an ingredient, it acts as a Catalyst to a man who is committed.
The world sees in our conduct, in our behaviour, the proof that we are the real children of God.
I think the Lewis and Clark Expedition was the greatest undertaking in American History. I think landing a man on the moon pales next to it.
There is no stronger case for the motivational power of real science than the discoveries that come from the Hubble Space Telescope as it unravels the mysteries of the universe.
What is history but a fable agreed upon?
A person often meets his destiny on the road he took to avoid it.
Perfect freedom is as necessary to the health and vigor of commerce as it is to the health and vigor of citizenship.
It's not that our family has no taste, it's just that our family's taste is inconsistent.
It's easy to give up, and that's the one thing we cannot do. That's what gives me a reason for working: to leave people with a little more courage, with a little hope that has been nourished. Even if, of course, it's going to disappear, whatever touches one isn't lost forever.
I came into the 'Comedy Bang! Bang!' TV show with a level of confidence that I don't think I would've had if I hadn't been doing the podcast for three years already. I certainly had to figure out in those three years the sense of humor I wanted to do and the way to talk to celebrities without being incredibly intimidated by them.
Some kids win the lottery at birth; far too many don't - and most people have a hard time catching up over the rest of their lives. Children raised in disadvantaged environments are not only much less likely to succeed in school or in society, but they are also much less likely to be healthy adults.
Together we will act to bring about national reconciliation, secure Malaysia's economic future, and build a stronger, more harmonious society.
Religion is the belief in an ever-living God, that is, in a Divine Mind and Will ruling the Universe and holding moral relations with mankind.
Humor is to get us over terrible things.
Being out there in the ocean, God's creation, it's like a gift He has given us to enjoy.
If you think about it, just the psychology of the superhero is, 'Because I can, I should protect people, and I should put bad guys away, and I should defend society.' But you're forming your own justice. There's no judge and jury here: you are it. That, in and of itself, is a very complicated way of looking at morality.
What makes Superman a hero is not that he has power, but that he has the wisdom and the maturity to use the power wisely. From an acting point of view, that's how I approached the part.
For thousands of years, human beings have been obsessed with beauty, truth, love, honor, altruism, courage, social relationships, art, and God. They all go together as subjective experiences, and it's a straw man to set God up as the delusion. If he is, then so is truth itself or beauty itself.
I feel bound to respect Ronald Reagan, as every American should - not least because he chose a career of public service when he could have made a lot more money doing something else, and not least because he took genuine risks for peace.
It is not the beauty of a building you should look at; its the construction of the foundation that will stand the test of time.
It is always the simple that produces the marvelous.
There is no time and space in the digital world. People chat and collaborate through social networks. Cultural icons garner millions of fans online in locations they have often never been themselves. The boundary between public and private life is now everyone's business.
The odds are always against you no matter what your previous history is. You have to overcome the tendency to relax.
The greatest power is not money power, but political power.
There are people in the world so hungry, that God cannot appear to them except in the form of bread.
HBOS had robbed me of my marriage, my family, my businesses, my longstanding friend and business partner, my income, my investments, my self-respect, my reputation, my privacy, my physical and mental health. It cost me my security, my image rights, my collection of classic cars - and very nearly my life.
After doing a juice cleanse, I'm motivated to eat healthier and not emotionally. Cleansing is like my meditation. It makes me stop, focus and think about what I'm putting into my body. I'm making a commitment to my health and hitting the reset button.
There's a lot of things we go through and we don't even know why... At the end of the day, God has a purpose and a plan for you, and that's kind of how I take that.
The power of Liverpool Football Club is the collective. We always do everything together; this is our power.
No man is truly great who is great only in his lifetime. The test of greatness is the page of history.
Power is a tool, influence is a skill; one is a fist, the other a fingertip.
Time, whose tooth gnaws away everything else, is powerless against truth.
There should not be a question of legal or illegal immigration. People came and immigrated to this country from the time of the Indians. No one's illegal. They should just be able to come.
I have a lot of nieces and nephews. I was always around kids. I was like the family babysitter because I was the only one that wasn't married.
The power of youth is the common wealth for the entire world. The faces of young people are the faces of our past, our present and our future. No segment in the society can match with the power, idealism, enthusiasm and courage of the young people.
The power and energy sectors are the biggest constituents of the infrastructure sector. If you ignore them, no development will happen.
People, for reasons of their own, often fail to do things that would be good for them or good for society. Those failures - joined with the similar failures of others - can readily have a substantial effect on interstate commerce.
We must remind Americans that the promise of opportunity remains unbroken - that every person in this great nation can succeed through hard work, courage and personal responsibility.
I have a lot of respect for Eminem and Rihanna. They are both very real in their music.
I think it's important to figure out you and to have fun and to be dating and to figure out what you like and what you don't like. It's what growing up is all about.
Mental health is personal for our whole band. As touring musicians, self-care can quickly become make it or break it on the road.
You can't go with the intention of writing something inspirational. You just have to go with the right heart.
I have nothing but respect for 1D. They are great lads.
My optimism is not based primarily on the successful march of democracy in recent times but rather is based on the experience of having lived in a fear society and studied the mechanics of tyranny that sustain such a society.
I don't know what the future may hold, but I know who holds the future.
Anybody who doesn't see the impact of climate change is really, I would say, myopic. They don't see the reality. It's so evident that we are destroying Mother Earth. This is not the problem of one country or a few countries: it is the problem of mankind. We need to work together to stop this. Otherwise, our future generations will simply disappear.
Everyone should be respected as an individual, but no one idolized.
My family was my guide to my reality.
Difficulty is the excuse history never accepts.
No mind is thoroughly well organized that is deficient in a sense of humor.
The proper function of man is to live, not to exist. I shall not waste my days in trying to prolong them. I shall use my time.
I choose my actors well and get to know the quirks of their personalities - and, most of all, I share humor with them. Then I keep my eyes open when they rehearse and perform, because you never know where the next stimulation comes from.
The distance, being far away from your home, from your family, that's not easy. There are times when you say, 'Wow, what a fight, what a battle.'
Prior to penicillin and medical research, death was an everyday occurrence. It was intimate.
'The Pushcart War' is presented as a history of a conflict that has not yet taken place; in each edition of the book, the date on which the hostilities commenced is nudged forward.
Start with God - the first step in learning is bowing down to God; only fools thumb their noses at such wisdom and learning.
The time to be happy is now, and the place to be happy is here.
The overwhelming majority of Americans are possessed of two great qualities a sense of humor and a sense of proportion.
It's a natural blessing. Thanks to God. He gave me this ability of being chubby but still being fast and being able to hit hard.
If this humor be the safety of our race, then it is due largely to the infusion into the American people of the Irish brain.
There's a difference between lust and passionate love. Lust can't just creep in. You'll not find it where true love exists, but it has power enough to shatter the world you've worked so hard to create with love, and sometimes, it suddenly changes how you perceived love to begin with. Love then doesn't live there anymore.
Young men, trust God, and make the future bright with blessing. Old men, trust God, and magnify him for all the mercies of the past.
What is sad for women of my generation is that they weren't supposed to work if they had families. What were they going to do when the children are grown - watch the raindrops coming down the window pane?
Productive givers focus on acting in the long-term best interests of others, even if it's not pleasant. They have the courage to give the critical feedback we prefer not to hear, but truly need to hear. They offer tough love, knowing that we might like them less, but we'll come to trust and respect them more.
Every parting gives a foretaste of death, every reunion a hint of the resurrection.
Heck, nobody gets along perfectly. But what we have is respect for one another. We have a system where one guy can veto anything.
I should tie myself to no particular system of society other than of socialism.
Lord, make my way prosperous, not that I achieve high station, but that my life may be an exhibit to the value of knowing God.
No man has received from nature the right to command his fellow human beings.
My daughter's mother and I are no longer dating, and the people I'm most likely to date are those around me, who are athletes.
Inaction breeds doubt and fear. Action breeds confidence and courage. If you want to conquer fear, do not sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy.
I made a lot of money. I earned a lot of money with CNN and satellite and cable television. And you can't really spend large sums of money, intelligently, on buying things. So I thought the best thing I could do was put some of that money back to work - making an investment in the future of humanity.
Unions are about the collective leverage, the power of numbers versus the power of capital.
AI will impact every industry on Earth, including manufacturing, agriculture, health care, and more.
Two things form the bedrock of any open society - freedom of expression and rule of law. If you don't have those things, you don't have a free country.
My sister Radha, who lives in the U.S., has discovered her craft in painting. She is by far the most beautiful among us sisters. If only Radha had been as tall as me, she'd have been the actor in the family.
What's on my playlist when I'm fighting is not so much hip-hop. Sometimes, it's something more inspirational. I get a chance to think about what I'm fighting for, like, my family. It takes me to that state because a lot of times, it's a spiritual warfare for me.
As a former NFL player, I am one American who will have nothing to do with any NFL Team that cannot find the corporate courage to stand for the millions of courageous past great Americans whose sacrifice gave meaning to our flag and national anthem and to the millions upon millions who still dream to come to its free shores.
To understand how any society functions you must understand the relationship between the men and the women.
The arrival of a good clown exercises a more beneficial influence upon the health of a town than of twenty asses laden with drugs.
The transfer of power is always a test of the constitutional system, a test of its strength.
Forgiveness is important in families, especially when there are so many secrets that need to be healed - for the most part, every family's got them.
You can cry about death and very properly so, your own as well as anybody else's. But it's inevitable, so you'd better grapple with it and cope and be aware that not only is it inevitable, but it has always been inevitable, if you see what I mean.
Madness need not be all breakdown. It may also be break-through. It is potential liberation and renewal as well as enslavement and existential death.
A nation which has forgotten the quality of courage which in the past has been brought to public life is not as likely to insist upon or regard that quality in its chosen leaders today - and in fact we have forgotten.
Natural selection will not remove ignorance from future generations.
It's easier to sit there and say you don't like feminists because they don't have a sense of humor.
I want to make sure I always show off my smile and have a positive attitude the whole time, whether it's during a performance, practice, or doing an interview.
My mission is to kill time, and time's to kill me in its turn. How comfortable one is among murderers.
I have respect for what other people believe. What I believe in my own life is that it's a search for how I can do things better, whether it's being a better man or a better father or finding ways for myself to improve.
I respect people of all sexualities; I respect people of all religions, all faiths. I love all Australians.
The only difference between the sane and the insane is that the sane have the power to lock up the insane.
Get well cards have become so humorous that if you don't get sick you're missing half the fun.
I love being part of the 'Avatar' family.
Each person has inside a basic decency and goodness. If he listens to it and acts on it, he is giving a great deal of what it is the world needs most. It is not complicated but it takes courage. It takes courage for a person to listen to his own goodness and act on it.
If I truly believe everything that's in that book, God is in control. He is in control. He's working for my good. Doesn't mean everything's going to be smooth, but that's all I needed to know. There is a light at the end of the tunnel.
The artist's job is to be a witness to his time in history.
In the '365 Fresh' MV, the story ends with us falling to the ground. Meanwhile, the 'Retro Future' MV features us falling onto a car in the beginning. The car that appears in both music videos is the same kind.
You can't just ask customers what they want and then try to give that to them. By the time you get it built, they'll want something new.
Rumi, who is one of the greatest Persian poets, said that the truth was a mirror in the hands of God. It fell, and broke into pieces. Everybody took a piece of it, and they looked at it and thought they had the truth.
The time to relax is when you don't have time for it.
If we are peaceful, if we are happy, we can smile, and everyone in our family, our entire society, will benefit from our peace.
God's mercy is fresh and new every morning.
Faith is not believing that God can. It is knowing that God will.
Respect your efforts, respect yourself. Self-respect leads to self-discipline. When you have both firmly under your belt, that's real power.
My perfect guy wears converse, is totally laid back, and doesn't worry about being cool.
The times when black women have been successful in confronting and overcoming the structural and institutional sexism and racism that persists in our society have been when we are thoughtful and strategic about speaking up. It's when we've done what it takes to introduce and implement our ideas and our plans to make things better.
There will always be haters. Small heroes can change society every day. It just takes time.
You can take care of your body, and it will low-key show you respect in turn.
When I went out on tour as Bing Hitler I would hook up with Lenny and we'd get drunk together. He was always very supportive. He was a big star and a lot of what he said to me had power and impact. Apart from that, I just like him.
When I look back on my life, I overpaid for my big successes every time. And when I tried to get a bargain, get it a little cheaper or get a better deal on it, I ended up usually either getting it and not happy I got it. Or missing it.
Where love rules, there is no will to power; and where power predominates, there love is lacking. The one is the shadow of the other.
If one tries to think about history, it seems to me - it's like looking at a range of mountains. And the first time you see them, they look one way. But then time changes, the pattern of light shifts. Maybe you've moved slightly, your perspective has changed. The mountains are the same, but they look very different.
You know, my father used to look at people and he treated everyone with such respect, and he always believed that he would rather trust you face on and be disappointed perhaps down the road, be disappointed some of the time rather than never to trust someone, never to believe in someone, and alas, be disappointed all the time.
Power is domination, control, and therefore a very selective form of truth which is a lie.
I've a lot of respect for what people are doing here in Manchester, to promote the city's creativity and Aviva Investors Manchester Art Fair has played a big role in that. I'm glad to bring my work to the North West.
We can be tired, weary and emotionally distraught, but after spending time alone with God, we find that He injects into our bodies energy, power and strength.
Even today we raise our hand against our brother... We have perfected our weapons, our conscience has fallen asleep, and we have sharpened our ideas to justify ourselves as if it were normal we continue to sow destruction, pain, death. Violence and war lead only to death.
If you could only love enough, you could be the most powerful person in the world.
Hope is but the dream of those who wake.
Our landscapes connect us to our history; they are the source of our character as a peopl, as well as our health, our safety, and our prosperity. Natural resources enrich us economically, yes. But they also enrich us aesthetically and recreationally and culturally and spiritually.
No horse gets anywhere until he is harnessed. No stream or gas drives anything until it is confined. No Niagara is ever turned into light and power until it is tunneled. No life ever grows great until it is focused, dedicated, disciplined.
A military coup needs a sacrifice and courage that you can't find in an army without morale.
The Electoral College needs to go, because it's made our society less and less democratic.
The principal act of courage is to endure and withstand dangers doggedly rather than to attack them.
The human body and mind are tremendous forces that are continually amazing scientists and society. Therefore, we have no choice but to keep an open mind as to what the human being can achieve.
When you take the time to cleanse your physical body of accumulated stress and toxicity, you are rewarded with increased vitality and optimal health.
There exist only three beings worthy of respect: the priest, the soldier, the poet. To know, to kill, to create.
Just what future the Designer of the universe has provided for the souls of men I do not know, I cannot prove. But I find that the whole order of Nature confirms my confidence that, if it is not like our noblest hopes and dreams, it will transcend them.
Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known.
Time flies like an arrow - but fruit flies like a banana.
If someone is genuine, compassionate and kind, that is a turn-on. A sense of humor is a huge turn on, and that goes hand in hand with intelligence.
It is not rational, never mind 'appropriate,' to impose billions of dollars in economic costs in return for a few dollars in health or environmental benefits.
It does not matter how much we donate; it matters whether the donation is meaningful. How to define meaningful? Let society and history judge.
Perhaps in time the so-called Dark Ages will be thought of as including our own.
The history of liberty is a history of resistance.
To continue to work, to continue to love what you do, is certainly a contributing element to one's longevity and health.
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.
In an expanding universe, time is on the side of the outcast. Those who once inhabited the suburbs of human contempt find that without changing their address they eventually live in the metropolis.
I need to end up with someone who is strong, intelligent, independent, someone I really admire - sensitive, sensuous, warm, a sense of humor.
It takes a certain amount of courage to tackle very hard problems in science, I now realise. You don't know what the timescale of your work will be: decades or only a few years.
Go up close to your friend, but do not go over to him! We should also respect the enemy in our friend.
Observe good faith and justice toward all nations. Cultivate peace and harmony with all.
A visionary is someone who can see the future, or thinks he sees the future. In my case, I use it and it comes out right. That doesn't come from daydreams or dreams, but it comes from knowing the market and knowing the world and knowing people really well and knowing where they're going to be tomorrow.
I really don't care what people think of me. I've got my family. I've got my friends. Yes, I have been trained to be a little more aggressive if I need to be, but I don't go around thumping people.
Death can't be considered because, if you're afraid to die, there's no room in your life to make discoveries.
Time is the coin of your life. It is the only coin you have, and only you can determine how it will be spent. Be careful lest you let other people spend it for you.
Guilt is perhaps the most painful companion of death.
Good humor is the health of the soul, sadness is its poison.
Growing up, I knew I was different. But I didn't know what it meant to be Aboriginal. I just knew that I had a really big, extended family. I was taught nothing about who we were or where we came from.
In Roslyn, Pennsylvania, we started our real-life family circus. They provided the inspiration for my cartoons. I provided the perspiration.
I have always believed, and I still believe, that whatever good or bad fortune may come our way we can always give it meaning and transform it into something of value.
Whether it's viewers of the show or readers of my columns and books, I'm consistently impressed with their wit, humor and insight. That goes for about 95 percent of the audience. The other five percent are why the 'Delete' option and restraining orders were invented.
Contemporary art will help me to modernise our society.
Never throughout history has a man who lived a life of ease left a name worth remembering.
Mainly I'm a vegan because I like animals, and I don't want to be involved in their suffering. Also, it's better for my health and for the environment.
My grandpa was a big cowboy in his values and the way he lived his life. For our family, the ranch represented our family time when we got to drive down through all that desert farmland and Grandpa would wake us up at 5 A.M. to feed the horses if we wanted to earn the right to ride them later. I always had so much fun.
There are certain things that only me, my friends and family should know. It's not everyone's business.
Academics tend to have wonderfully infantile senses of humor.
It takes an endless amount of history to make even a little tradition.
I know that throughout their history, the people of the United States defended their freedom, their liberty, their justice, and their rights - if need be - with their lives. I think their courage is so admirable.
Poetry is the universal language which the heart holds with nature and itself. He who has a contempt for poetry, cannot have much respect for himself, or for anything else.
All my jobs have been with food in one way or another since 1948. My parents were in the hotel business, and I just loved the warm hearted people who worked so hard with such good humor.
You don't have to give birth to someone to have a family. We're all family - an extended family.
Knowledge is power only if man knows what facts not to bother with.
My greatest pleasure is spending time with my family: my husband and daughter, but also my mother, my three sisters, and their families.
Attachment and aversion are the root cause of karma, and karma originates from infatuation. Karma is the root cause of birth and death, and these are said to be the source of misery. None can escape the effect of their own past karma.
It takes a great deal of history to produce a little literature.
My dad lived a good life. He was a simple guy. His family had been poor, and he joined the Marines to be able to send money home to his mom and dad and brothers and sisters. He genuinely had the intention to live a good life and to respect other people.
You are not just a funny person or just a journalist. Most people are hybrids of having a smart opinion and a great sense of humor.
It's like any other part of your body - your mental health gets sick, and it needs treatment.
Power acquired by violence is only a usurpation, and lasts only as long as the force of him who commands prevails over that of those who obey.
I genuinely liked all of the cast members very much. Steve had a wicked sense of humor. I remember Russell coming to my rescue, once. I watched Eric evolve before everyone's eyes. Maurice loved what he did, so. He treated his character with respect, down to the costuming.
Unhealthy eating habits cause major health problems, such as diabetes and heart disease, and can also lead to food insecurity, disrupted eating patterns, and low self-esteem.
Poetry is ordinary language raised to the Nth power. Poetry is boned with ideas, nerved and blooded with emotions, all held together by the delicate, tough skin of words.
Too many of my constituents, like many other hard working Americans across the country, are suffering unnecessarily due to our flawed health care system.
Those who are rooted in the depths that are eternal and unchangeable and who rely on unshakeable principles, face change full of courage, courage based on faith.
I believe the fast track to atheism is reading the Bible. I've read it three times all the way through. It's a big part of our culture, a big part of our history. I don't just read things I agree with.
I would rather live my life as if there is a God and die to find out there isn't, than live as if there isn't and to die to find out that there is.
There is never just one thing that leads to success for anyone. I feel it always a combination of passion, dedication, hard work, and being in the right place at the right time.
People could rationally decide that prolonged relationships take up too much time and effort and that they'd much rather do other kinds of things. But most people are afraid of rejection.
All I do is have fun. When I'm not working, it's about making people laugh. I love making jokes about things. Even when someone's mad at me, I'll deflect anger with humor. My days are filled with laughter. If I'm not laughing, I'm not happy.
I'm always pushing for human responsibility. Given that chimpanzees and many other animals are sentient and sapient, then we should treat them with respect.
The reality is you either step into the future, or you become a dinosaur.
Death is the prerequisite to resurrection, the new life God intends.
I'm not perfect; I make mistakes all the time. All I can do is to try my best to learn from my mistakes, take responsibility for them, and do a better job tomorrow.
I must govern the clock, not be governed by it.
Humans are the only creatures with the ability to dive deep in the sea, fly high in the sky, send instant messages around the globe, reflect on the past, assess the present and imagine the future.
The government has a responsibility to protect society, to help maintain society. That's why we have laws... The rule of law creates a set of standards for our behavior.
History is, strictly speaking, the study of questions; the study of answers belongs to anthropology and sociology.
Women always left me because I wouldn't commit, but then nothing changes a relationship like commitment. If you move in with someone, you lose all respect for them.
I am very close to my family. I have learned a lot from my father. He used to tell me to be honest with yourself and not to argue with your seniors. You don't need to be involved in any quarrel, as sometimes you need to remain silent intelligently.
Death is the liberator of him whom freedom cannot release, the physician of him whom medicine cannot cure, and the comforter of him whom time cannot console.
I am very lucky to be surrounded and guided by an incredible support team comprised of my family and agents.
The pandemic has been such an awful time for so many people around the world, but it has also been a reminder for us about the things that really matter - the people in our lives and the love we have for them.
I like the brooding man - a brooding man with a sense of humor.
I love the sensation of being out in the open air, far away from all the distractions of modern life. I will usually disappear for a couple of hours, and that time on my bike is quite sacred, as it's when I do all my serious thinking. Sometimes I will stop off at bikers' cafe and have a bacon sandwich.
I am grateful for all the moments that I have, and I'm moving forward one step at a time to the future.
Down the road, I'll probably have a kid or two or three. And there will probably be political events or spiritual things to comment on, and humor.
People say to me all the time, 'You have no fear.' I tell them, 'No, that's not true. I'm scared all the time. You have to have fear in order to have courage. I'm a courageous person because I'm a scared person.'
I hope that we can continue this cooperation on other critical issues related to America's future technological competitiveness. We must work together to encourage the creative talents that have made our country the world leader in technology.
Your God is ever beside you - indeed, He is even within you.
I want to be very close to someone I respect and admire and have somebody who feels the same way about me.
I don't know. Only God knows where the story ends for me, but I know where the story begins. It's up to us to choose, whether we win or lose and I choose to win.
This is what I hate about dating - when you just don't know where you stand. I'm pretty honest, I'll say, 'Hey I don't know what's going on,' but I don't like the game of it. Like, do we like each other? Great, well let's explore that.
There's not a lot of other stuff I admire about his content, but there's something about Howard Stern and his perseverance in a very difficult industry. He does tickle me in certain ways with humor.
As long as I have my faith in God, I'm good. I know everything else is going to come.
The best advice I ever got was that knowledge is power and to keep reading.
Take time to deliberate; but when the time for action arrives, stop thinking and go in.
I am grateful to have my life back and for the friends and family who never gave up on me, for a God who was there when I was ready to find him. I am grateful for so much, that every day, one day at a time, is Thanksgiving.
Bringing humor and bringing happiness and joy to an audience is a wonderful opportunity in life, believe me.
I think there's a little confusion between humor and 'gross' passing for humor. That's kind of regrettable, because they aren't the same thing.
You can't have a United States if you are telling some folks that they can't get on the train. There is a cracking point where a society collapses.
I hated every minute of training, but I said, 'Don't quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion.'
Our humor turns our anger into a fine art.
I don't think arrested-adolescent humor will fade. Maybe the form will change, but I guarantee its replacement will still be based in immature behavior from mature figures.
It all comes down to interest rates. As an investor, all you're doing is putting up a lump-sump payment for a future cash flow.
MasterChef's' about real people and for real people. It's aspirational and inspirational. There's nothing snobbish about it.
My boyfriend and I broke up. He wanted to get married and I didn't want him to.
Domestic discretionary spending on education and health care and the environment has been growing at 2 to 3 percent a year. He says we have to rein it in, but he ignores the spending category that is the big spike in the budget.
Rebellion against tyrants is obedience to God.
It's not the sentiments of men which make history but their actions.
That God does not exist, I cannot deny, That my whole being cries out for God I cannot forget.
I don't think you can define how you acquire your imagination any more than you can define why one person has a sense of humor and another doesn't. But I certainly would lean to the side that says all those solitary hours of daydreaming were a kind of training for poetry.
Men don't come up to you to just talk. We come up to you with a plan. We're looking across the room at you, and we don't care about your hopes and dreams. We don't care about what your future holds. We saw something we wanted.
My dream is of a place and a time where America will once again be seen as the last best hope of earth.
I started dating at 16.
Every time I slip into the ocean, it's like going home.
I was on 'In Search of the Partridge Family,' MTV'S 'Miss Seventeen,' and the comedy 'Love Monkey.'
While we are living in the present, we must celebrate life every day, knowing that we are becoming history with every work, every action, every deed.
An ideal society should be mobile, should be full of channels for conveying a change taking place in one part to other parts. In an ideal society, there should be many interests consciously communicated and shared.
Tell the truth, work hard, and come to dinner on time.
I am happy to continue with my journey through time.
I think Spain will always remain inspirational, and I think French cuisine will continue to be very French and yet very relevant with its time and keep evolving. But the last thing you want for it is to become too trendy and confusing. It has too much history.
I'm a big fan of small business ownership. I think it's the backbone of American innovation. But to be successful, you first have to have the courage to go for it.
God is most glorified in us when we are most satisfied in Him.
Never give up, which is the lesson I learned from boxing. As soon as you learn to never give up, you have to learn the power and wisdom of unconditional surrender, and that one doesn't cancel out the other; they just exist as contradictions. The wisdom of it comes as you get older.
You get on an elevator with someone, you say hi to them, you speak to them. You give respect. That's just how I've always been.
We owe our children an environment in which they can flourish, and where law enforcement, the justice system, and society as offers them a fresh start, not a jail cell.
History isn't just the story of bad people doing bad things. It's quite as much a story of people trying to do good things. But somehow, something goes wrong.
What a man is is an arrow into the future, and what a woman is is the place the arrow shoots off from.
In Sleep we lie all naked and alone, in Sleep we are united at the heart of night and darkness, and we are strange and beautiful asleep; for we are dying the darkness and we know no death.
The role of the intellectual, so it is said, is to speak truth to power. Noam Chomsky has dismissed this pious tag on two grounds. For one thing, power knows the truth already; it is just busy trying to conceal it. For another, it is not those in power who need the truth, but those they oppress.
My family had a lot to do with 'My Infamous Life.' They were the inspiration behind me starting to write. I had an interesting family life dating way back, and they did a lot in their lifetime.
I just respect people and mind my business. I don't got time to worry about what the next man's pockets are looking like, I gotta worry about what mine are looking like and my family.
And above all things, never think that you're not good enough yourself. A man should never think that. My belief is that in life people will take you at your own reckoning.
My father could be very witty, even if the humor was always on the darker side of irony.
Power is of two kinds. One is obtained by the fear of punishment and the other by acts of love. Power based on love is a thousand times more effective and permanent then the one derived from fear of punishment.
On your journey, don't forget to smell the flowers. Take time out to notice that you're alive. You can only live in one day.
Let's drink to the spirit of gallantry and courage that made a strange Heaven out of unbelievable Hell, and let's drink to the hope that one day this country of ours, which we love so much, will find dignity and greatness and peace again.
I want to be an inspirational model. I want people to look at me and say, 'Wow, she looks healthy.'
Time is flying never to return.
I grew up in a rural area, I was from kind of a poor family and my parents weren't showbiz people. But going back was strange, and perhaps stranger for the other students.
Even though everybody's lives are different, in general we're all human beings, and we go through the same things: disappointments, the pleasures of life, life and death. That's always been a really big part of the show to me, making sure the audience feels connected, and that carries through to the album.
We need enlightenment, not just individually but collectively, to save the planet. We need to awaken ourselves. We need to practice mindfulness if we want to have a future, if we want to save ourselves and the planet.
We look forward with great anticipation to see the course that the National Space Council charts for America's future in space.
The best news of the Christian gospel is that the supremely glorious Creator of the universe has acted in Jesus Christ's death and resurrection to remove every obstacle between us and himself so that we may find everlasting joy in seeing and savoring his infinite beauty.
Memorial Day is all about celebrating the lives of the men and women who paid the ultimate sacrifice in service to our country. The United States is made great because of their heroism. Their lives are remembered, honored, and celebrated by all of us, including the friends, family, and fellow service members who knew them best.
The state of the health of the individual is equivalent to the state to the health of the colon.
Our growing national debt is a threat to our national defense and to our domestic priorities, including research and development, education, health care, and investments in our economic growth.
To me, having the courage to tell your own story goes hand in hand with having the curiosity and humility to listen to others' stories.
Everybody's opinion is equally valid, and I feel like everybody should have an opportunity to speak out, and everyone should have the courage to speak out.
Investing is a business where you can look very silly for a long period of time before you are proven right.
But courage which goes against military expediency is stupidity, or, if it is insisted upon by a commander, irresponsibility.
Nothing happens in a vacuum in life: every action has a series of consequences, and sometimes it takes a long time to fully understand the consequences of our actions.
A lot of DJs who started the same time as me, they are not to be seen anymore. And I get so much love and respect from the young DJs, and some of them look up to me or ask me for advice. I am almost like the mentor.
Let the workers organize. Let the toilers assemble. Let their crystallized voice proclaim their injustices and demand their privileges. Let all thoughtful citizens sustain them, for the future of Labor is the future of America.
Encouraging wellness and prevention helps improve quality of life and can lower costs, too. I saw too many patients who had poor health because of their decisions, but too often, all they needed was a doctor to help point them in the right direction.
It's a life's journey of finding ourselves, finding our power, and living for yourself, not for everyone else.
The death penalty, I think, is a terrible scar on American justice, especially the concept of equal justice under law, but also of due process. And it goes state by state, and it's different in different states.
See, I have set before you this day life and good, death and evil... I have set before you life and death, blessing and curse; therefore choose life.
Growing up, my dad was a pastor, and much like The First Family or people in front of the public eye, we were highly scrutinized as a family within the church and looked at as - well, I guess you would call an example of what that family image should be.
A good education is a foundation for a better future.
The family teaches us about the importance of knowledge, education, hard work and effort. It teaches us about enjoying ourselves, having fun, keeping fit and healthy.
Death is a fearful thing.
I became a very simple person. The simple things are the most precious to me. I don't ascribe much significance to the things I have now. That feeling of touching death has never left me.
Imagination is the only key to the future. Without it none exists - with it all things are possible.
We are driven by five genetic needs: survival, love and belonging, power, freedom, and fun.
Islam is a religion of success. Unlike Christianity, which has as its main image, in the west at least, a man dying in a devastating, disgraceful, helpless death.
There is a lot I need to thank God for, everyday. But I think I am blessed because I have a very loving, understanding and supporting family.
Finding some quiet time in your life, I think, is hugely important.
When someone shows you who they are, believe them the first time.
A compliment is something like a kiss through a veil.
Power will intoxicate the best hearts, as wine the strongest heads. No man is wise enough, nor good enough to be trusted with unlimited power.
Everything is a learning process: any time you fall over, it's just teaching you to stand up the next time.
Consistency is the most overrated of all human virtues... I'm someone who changes his mind all the time.
I wanted to write about the transformative power of small acts of kindness. An old man falls in the street, you stop and make sure he's OK. Or even smaller acts than that, though - buying someone a cup of coffee, telling them their hair looks nice - sometimes you don't realise the transformative effect on people. I wanted to celebrate that.
Openness, respect, integrity - these are principles that need to underpin pretty much every other decision that you make.
My future is in my past and my past is my present. I must now make the present my future.
Not all children have the anchor of a strong family.
Most of those coming from the mainland are very destitute, almost naked. I am trying to find places for those able to work, and provide for them as best I can, so as to lighten the burden on the Government as much as possible, while at the same time they learn to respect themselves by earning their own living.
Me shooting 40% at the foul line is just God's way to say nobody's perfect.
Prayer is aligning ourselves with the purposes of God.
And so you touch this limit, something happens and you suddenly can go a little bit further. With your mind power, your determination, your instinct, and the experience as well, you can fly very high.
To see what is right and not to do it is want of courage, or of principle.
The great epochs of our life are the occasions when we gain the courage to rebaptize our evil qualities as our best qualities.
We have no right to assume that any physical laws exist, or if they have existed up until now, that they will continue to exist in a similar manner in the future.
I believe everyone should have a good death. You know, with your grandchildren around you, a bit of sobbing. Because after all, tears are appropriate on a death bed. And you say goodbye to your loved ones, making certain that one of them has been left behind to look after the shop.
It takes real courage and conviction to attack the establishment from within and makes waves as big as a tsunami. Ted Cruz has done that - consistently and successfully - on immigration and other issues like Obamacare, voting rights, and the 2nd Amendment.
Closed mouths don't get fed, and I'm gonna eat every time I get on the court.
Of course, everybody makes mistakes, and we've all been young and stupid. But people need to have a sense of respect, particularly in this business, because hundreds of people are ready to take your place at any time. Maybe some people should think about that.
The best version of surfing is not competing, I think. It's just... it's perfect. You're perfectly present. You're perfectly in the moment. You're perfectly not thinking about anything else in the world. You're just surfing. You're surfing away with your friends or your family, and that's it. You're just there.
I'm interested not just in projects that I'll be starring in, but producing film and TV that's really quality and great for adults; and when I say 'great for adults,' it doesn't mean without humor, because I'm also interested in doing comedy.
God creates out of nothing. Wonderful you say. Yes, to be sure, but he does what is still more wonderful: he makes saints out of sinners.
I don't have a caustic sense of humor. What I find funny, that humor comes from a much gentler place.
Have faith in God; God has faith in you.
As long as you've got your courage of conviction, it works for you. I think that the same applies, too, even where you don't, because in today's world, financial resources are the least important. World has moved to the power of ideas.
Feminists bore me to death. I follow my instinct and if that supports young girls in any way, great. But I'd rather they saw it more as a lesson about following their own instincts rather than imitating somebody.
Life is like an onion. You peel it off one layer at a time, and sometimes you weep.
Humor is the instinct for taking pain playfully.
It takes longevity to earn respect.
I think experience will teach you a combination of liberalism and conservatism. We have to be progressive and at the same time we have to retain values. We have to hold onto the past as we explore the future.
One baby is a patient baby, and waits indefinitely until its mother is ready to feed it. The other baby is an impatient baby and cries lustily, screams and kicks and makes everybody unpleasant until it is fed. Well, we know perfectly well which baby is attended to first. That is the whole history of politics.
Yes I have made a lot of money and I have a lot of respect, my films have done well, and I know there are loads of loads of people who look up to me and really love me. I really just thought this is like a strange dream. I have never thought this is a success - I don't have a standard.
I just want to do God's will. And he's allowed me to go to the mountain. And I've looked over, and I've seen the promised land! I may not get there with you, but I want you to know tonight that we as a people will get to the promised land.
Economics is a choice between alternatives all the time. Those are the trade-offs.
I think being directed and mentored by someone as inspirational as Paul Feig not only improves my performance but, as a whole, makes it what it is.
I'm not interested in serial dating; I'd honestly rather be single.
The driving force of any profession includes not only the special knowledge, skills and standards that it demands, but the duty to serve responsibly, selflessly and wisely, and to establish an inherently ethical relationship between professionals and society.
The great danger for family life, in the midst of any society whose idols are pleasure, comfort and independence, lies in the fact that people close their hearts and become selfish.
My dating advice for Paris would be just to take your time.
A crown is merely a hat that lets the rain in.
I was destined to work with dying patients. I had no choice when I encountered my first AIDS patient. I felt called to travel some 250,000 miles each year to hold workshops that helped people cope with the most painful aspects of life, death and the transition between the two.
The history of the world is none other than the progress of the consciousness of freedom.
Humor has historically been tied to the mores of the day. The Yellow Kid was predicated on what people thought was funny about the immigrant Irish. When you're different in a society, you're funny.
When we engage in the critical decisions about our nation's future budgets, I want progressive voices at the table to argue that we must protect the most vulnerable in our society and demand fairness in budget cuts.
The essential elements of giving are power and love - activity and affection - and the consciousness of the race testifies that in the high and appropriate exercise of these is a blessedness greater than any other.
I imagine a day, some time in the not too distant future when children and teenagers will be able to create their own genetically engineered machines, cure the diseases of the old and find new ways to build and extend the capabilities of humanity, moving from programming software to programing the physical world, through biology.
I'd never have guessed that, six years after Medicare introduced a drug benefit, it would still be forbidden to negotiate prices with pharmaceutical companies. Health reform might fix that, but it probably won't.
The history of the music industry is inevitably also the story of the development of technology. From the player piano to the vinyl disc, from reel-to-reel tape to the cassette, from the CD to the digital download, these formats and devices changed not only the way music was consumed, but the very way artists created it.
The best advice is to avoid foods with health claims on the label, or better yet avoid foods with labels in the first place.
It is the mainspring of life, courage. And courage has many faces.
After a natural disaster, safe drinking water is a priority. Humans can live longer without food than water, so communication about clean water is essential to help avoid the risk of cholera, dysentery, malnutrition, famine, and death.
We have to keep an eye on the future with a sense of the past in every passing moment of the present.
The art of being happy lies in the power of extracting happiness from common things.
I don't believe war is a way to solve problems. I think it's wrong. I don't have respect for the people that made the decisions to go on with war. I don't have that much respect for Bush. He's about war, I'm not about war - a lot of people aren't about war.
There is hope in dreams, imagination, and in the courage of those who wish to make those dreams a reality.
Cross-pollination and 'contamination' is really important to the health of fiction, and sometimes it's a literal conversation, too, in that writers who might never otherwise meet and talk do so because of our anthologies.
Every human being is under construction from conception to death.
The most courageous act is still to think for yourself. Aloud.
Sarah Vaughan is one of my greatest heroes. She personifies what an artist is all about, taking risks, daring to go beyond the boundaries of safety and convention. It takes courage to share your vulnerability.
And all your future lies beneath your hat.
God gave you a brain. Do the best you can with it. And you don't have to be Einstein, but Einstein was mentally tough. He believed what he believed. And he worked out things. And he argued with people who disagreed with him. But I'm sure he didn't call everybody jerks.
I declare before you all that my whole life, whether it be long or short, shall be devoted to your service and the service of our great imperial family to which we all belong.
There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it.
I shaved my head about 15 years ago and the first time I shaved it, I started running my hand through my hair and it was very therapeutic.
A cult is a religion with no political power.
The privilege of holding the priesthood, which is the power and authority to act in God's name, is a great blessing and privilege and one that carries with it equally great obligations and responsibilities.
Death to me means nothing as long as I can die fast.
If all mankind minus one were of one opinion, mankind would be no more justified in silencing that one person than he, if he had the power, would be justified in silencing mankind.
Here I am at the turn of the millennium and I'm still the last man to have walked on the moon, somewhat disappointing. It says more about what we have not done than about what we have done.
To me, religion is an agreement between a group of people about what God is. Spirituality is a one-on-one relationship.
I don't have a formula to pass on. I always did it my own way. Even today, I hold my independence close. It's what's most precious to me. Passion. Risk. Tenacity. Consistency. This is my professional history.
As I get older, I tend to put more into family than I used to.
A good youth ought to have a fear of God, to be subject to his parents, to give honor to his elders, to preserve his purity; he ought not to despise humility, but should love forbearance and modesty. All these are an ornament to youthful years.
When you get together in a group, it becomes like a family, with the different personalities and the politics that comes with being in a band. It's different than bringing something in by yourself.
Like many of you, I've always been slightly obsessed with vampires, dating back to the prime-time series 'Dark Shadows,' which I followed avidly as a kid.
I'm not much of a family man. I'm just not that into it. I love kids, I adore them, but I don't want to live my life for them.
Dating co-stars is natural. When you're working with someone, it's habit.
Working on newspapers, you're writing to a certain length, often very brief pieces; you tend to look for easy forms of humor - women can't drive, things like that. That's about the level of a lot of newspaper humor. It becomes a form of laziness.
As a person, I am someone who wants to give my the best in every take. I wouldn't say it was easy for me to get into the industry because I come from a background where no one has been in films. But I do believe if you work hard, you will get noticed. Modeling gave me that courage to stand in front of the camera.
Excessive fear is always powerless.
Nothing would make me happier than doing nothing but drama for the foreseeable future.
Our entire family is shy. Apart from film promotions, we do not believe in staying in the limelight.
I don't care much about society.
Courage is fire, and bullying is smoke.
Humor has bailed me out of more tight situations than I can think of. If you go with your instincts and keep your humor, creativity follows. With luck, success comes, too.
If I'm doing something in fashion, I will try to respect the 'laws' of the business, but I will try to keep my integrity and my respect for the designers and for my readers.
We will ensure that associates continue to possess unsurpassed product knowledge and maintain their dedication to customer service and respect for their colleagues and for the communities in which they work and live.
I'm truly worried about the country's direction. I can tell you this categorically, we've got the weakest president and the weakest governor in the history of my 50 years of public service.
It has always been my understanding that the brave men and women who fought and died for our country did so to ensure that we could live in a fair and free society, which includes the right to speak out in protest.
Cast your cares on God; that anchor holds.
Technology can be a great equalizer when it comes to health care, education - to the point where rich, poor, middle class can all get the same benefits.
I have learned that there is more power in a good strong hug than in a thousand meaningful words.
My life at home gives me absolute joy. There are some days when, as soon as you've finished cooking breakfast and cleaning up the kitchen, it's time to start lunch, and by the time you've done that, you're doing dinner and thinking, 'There has to be a menu we can order from.'
The attempt to combine wisdom and power has only rarely been successful and then only for a short while.
As a lawyer and a former prosecutor, I know the limits of the power and authority of the president. I know what is legal and what is not.
Rosa Parks' courage, determination, and tenacity continue to be an inspiration to all those committed to non-violent protest and change nearly half a century later.
Our society is full of hypocrites and irrational people.
Russians can give you arms but only the United States can give you a solution.
When I was a boy, I took over the shed at the bottom of the garden and displayed fossils and potsherds and coins in it and proudly called it my 'museum'. I charged people to come in, and my most prized possession was a Saracen shield dating from the Crusades.
If we open a quarrel between past and present, we shall find that we have lost the future.
Discipline is a big thing for me, you have to respect the workplace and your team-mate.
Without your health, everything else means nothing.
I want to establish a wide range and play all kinds of parts. It's that sort of acting career I really respect. I like to turn a sharp left from whatever I've done before because that keeps me awake. That's why I want to be an actor - I don't want to play endless variations on one character.
With age comes the understanding and appreciation of your most important asset, your health.
If there is any one thing that will bring peace and contentment into the human heart, and into the family, it is to live within our means.
Our society's strong emphasis on dieting and self-image can sometimes lead to eating disorders. We know that more than 5 million Americans suffer from eating disorders, most of them young women.
In a liquid modern life there are no permanent bonds, and any that we take up for a time must be tied loosely so that they can be untied again, as quickly and as effortlessly as possible, when circumstances change - as they surely will in our liquid modern society, over and over again.
My relationship with God has gotten so much stronger. He's always had his hand on me. He always guided me. I didn't always go where he wanted me to go. But He always had me. Now that I'm actually listening and being obedient, life is so much better.
I tell you the past is a bucket of ashes, so live not in your yesterdays, no just for tomorrow, but in the here and now. Keep moving and forget the post mortems; and remember, no one can get the jump on the future.
Nothing is a bigger waste of time than regretting the past and worrying about the future.
I think more dating stuff is scheduling. It's needing people who understand your work schedule.
Diversifying our energy sources will create jobs, improve our national security and lay the foundation for a strong, sustainable economy in the future.
The children have been a wonderful gift to me, and I'm thankful to have once again seen our world through their eyes. They restore my faith in the family's future.
We must urge a national dialogue on better methods of curbing preventable gun violence, and address the need for mental health awareness and access to psychiatric services in this country.
We often choose knowing over goodness. We'd rather know what's going to happen than expect to be treated with respect and worth.
My comedy routines have always been about the health of the nation.
Glory be and praise to God. I didn't do any of this. God did. I don't have a recipe or a blueprint. I prayed for it, and my prayers are continuing to be answered.
Ontologically, chocolate raises profoundly disturbing questions: Does not chocolate offer natural revelation of the goodness of the Creator just as chilies disclose a divine sense of humor? Is the human born with an innate longing for chocolate? Does the notion of chocolate preclude the concept of free will?
Nothing gives us courage more readily than the desire to avoid looking like a damn fool.
As I have always said, those closest to the pain should be closest to the power.
Every time I see an adult on a bicycle, I no longer despair for the future of the human race.
When history is erased, people's moral values are also erased.
There are no atheists in foxholes, they say, and I was a foxhole atheist for a long time. But after going through a midlife crisis and having many things change very quickly, it made me realize my mortality. And when you start to think about death, you start to think about what's after it. And then you start hoping there is a God.
It's okay to talk about birth, okay - then menstruation. I first started my advocacy for women's health in the field of reproductive freedom, and the next stage would be bringing menopause out of the closet.
Future. That period of time in which our affairs prosper, our friends are true and our happiness is assured.
The Antichrist will be the infernal prince again for the third and last time... so many evils shall be committed by the means of Satan, the infernal Prince, that almost the entire world shall be found undone and desolate. Before these events happen, many rare birds will cry in the air, 'Now! Now!' and sometime later will vanish.
I became a fanatic about healthy food in 1944.
I think kids want the same thing from a book that adults want - a fast-paced story, characters worth caring about, humor, surprises, and mystery. A good book always keeps you asking questions, and makes you keep turning pages so you can find out the answers.
I think probably - I think, you know, when you're first dating somebody, if they're just not that physical with you, if they don't want to make concrete plans with you, you know, if they're sort of ambiguous about where everything is going, I think that's a pretty good sign that they're not into you.
I'm not waiting for Mr Right. I'd be open to dating, but I'm happy not. I'm not on Tinder or anything.
A month alone would make me so happy. Not good for my dating prospects.
The privilege I've had as a curator is not just the discovery of new works... but what I've discovered about myself and what I can offer in the space of an exhibition - to talk about beauty, to talk about power, to talk about ourselves, and to talk and speak to each other.
If you want to know the value of vaccines, just spend some time in a clinic in Africa. The faces of the mothers and fathers say it all: vaccines prevent illness and save lives.
A kiss that is never tasted, is forever and ever wasted.
Love is the whole history of a woman's life, it is but an episode in a man's.
Older people shouldn't eat health food, they need all the preservatives they can get.
I have learned to live each day as it comes, and not to borrow trouble by dreading tomorrow. It is the dark menace of the future that makes cowards of us.
You have to have courage to look back and be honest about your own drama.
Who doesn't love strawberries? My family certainly does.
All I want is a gentleman. I'm sick to bloody death of bastards.
I try to keep in my mind the simple question: Am I trying to do good or make myself look good? Too many of our responsibilities get added to our plate when we are trying to please people, impress people, prove ourselves, acquire power, increase our prestige. All those motivations are about looking good more than doing good.
The thing that makes 'Dirty Jobs' different is that it's one of the few shows that portrays work in a way that doesn't highlight the drudgery. Instead, it highlights the humor.
Here's the reality. The image of a white Jesus has been used to justify enslavement, conquest, colonialism, the genocide of indigenous peoples. There are literally millions of human beings whose lives have been snuffed out by people who conquered under the banner of a white god.
It is important for me to carve out time in my schedule to spend quality time with my family.
People who are more isolated than they want to be from others find that they are less happy, their health declines earlier in midlife, their brain functioning declines sooner, and they live shorter lives than people who are not lonely.
However, frat-boy humor is funny and it always will be.
He who has faith has... an inward reservoir of courage, hope, confidence, calmness, and assuring trust that all will come out well - even though to the world it may appear to come out most badly.
No work or love will flourish out of guilt, fear, or hollowness of heart, just as no valid plans for the future can be made by those who have no capacity for living now.
Life and death matters, yes. And the question of how to behave in this world, how to go in the face of everything. Time is short and the water is rising.
The best thing to do is stare it in the face and move on. We have to face our fears and plow through. I think taking chances takes a lot more courage than staying stagnant and doing what's safe and comfortable.
Nature, philosophy and social issues are the three things that always occupy my mind. You do not have any power over others but can only change yourself.
Humor has justly been regarded as the finest perfection of poetic genius.
I have used dating apps a couple of times in the past and met people, but it is a difficult thing because you're meeting someone who you really don't know and you have no link to. I have friends who have had great relationships after meeting on Tinder or Bumble, so I'd never say never, but it hasn't worked for me.
Today, we're still loaded down - and, to some extent, embarrassed - by ancient myths, but we respect them as part of the same impulse that has led to the modern, scientific kind of myth. But we now have the opportunity to discover, for the first time, the way the universe is in fact constructed as opposed to how we would wish it to be constructed.
The Negro race, like all races, is going to be saved by its exceptional men. The problem of education, then, among Negroes must first of all deal with the Talented Tenth; it is the problem of developing the Best of this race that they may guide the Mass away from the contamination and death of the Worst, in their own and other races.
Lucius Quintus Cincinnatus Lamar II
We know the Republicans are happy to keep the country in the dark, and if we Democrats are to recapture the power necessary to assert our values, we must find the energy, courage, creativity and unity to map out a brighter day for the people we sincerely want to serve.
At every crossroads on the path that leads to the future, tradition has placed 10,000 men to guard the past.
It's in the history books, the Holocaust. It's just a phrase. And the truth is it happened yesterday. It happened to my mother. I never met my grandmothers or my grandfathers. They were all wiped up in the gas chambers of Nazi Germany.
Everything must change and you do what you can with the changes that are made. You can't stop it. You can't fight it. Everybody tries to go back to yesterday, but you can't go back to yesterday. The only time there is, is now.
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
A bachelor never quite gets over the idea that he is a thing of beauty and a boy forever.
I have a personality type, but it's not like I'm like, 'Oh yeah, short and brunette. That's what I like. All the time.'
The past, the present and the future are really one: they are today.
I want everything I do to have humor in it, because it seems to me that all of life has that.
We will not agree on every issue. But let us respect those differences and respect one another. Let us recognize that we do not serve an ideology or a political party; we serve the people.
We are biological creatures. We are born, we live, we die. There is no transcendent purpose to existence. At best we are creatures of reason, and by using reason we can cure ourselves of emotional excess. Purged of both hope and fear, we find courage in the face of helplessness, insignificance and uncertainty.
Everything human is pathetic. The secret source of humor itself is not joy but sorrow. There is no humor in heaven.
You can either be a host to God, or a hostage to your ego. It's your call.
One of the funny things about the stock market is that every time one person buys, another sells, and both think they are astute.
High maintenance means a lot of care. My relationships are high maintenance, my body is high maintenance, and my soul is high maintenance. I really care about my friends and my family; I eat good; I pray a lot. So it's like, I really care about my relationships with my family, my friends, my body and my soul.
Scandinavia is boring. People living there apparently have little to do. And as European history teaches, when there is nothing much to do, you may as well amuse yourself by attacking the Jews.
If you look at things that really affect people's lives - sport, the arts, charities - they were always at the back of the queue for government money - health, social security, defence, pensions were all way ahead. And each of those areas - sports, the arts, the lottery - got relatively petty cash from the government.
Grace is the beauty of form under the influence of freedom.
Courage is heartworth making itself felt in deeds. It never waits for chances; it makes chances.
I also find it interesting that a lot of people in their 30s are not married and don't have kids. There are a lot of people in this age bracket that are out there dating and trying to find love. And I never thought that at my age I would be.
If the human condition were the periodic table, maybe love would be hydrogen at No. 1. Death would be helium at No. 2. Power, I reckon, would be where oxygen is.
Solar power, wind power, the way forward is to collaborate with nature - it's the only way we are going to get to the other end of the 21st century.
Comebacks don't seem likely when your back is up against the wall and your hope is depleted. But if you will stay the course, you will discover God's power to reverse the irreversible in your life.
If a man achieves victory over this body, who in the world can exercise power over him? He who rules himself rules over the whole world.
I don't stand for the black man's side, I don' t stand for the white man's side. I stand for God's side.
The duty of comedy is to correct men by amusing them.
In Russia I felt for the first time like a full human being. No color prejudice like in Mississippi, no color prejudice like in Washington. It was the first time I felt like a human being.
I chose America as my home because I value freedom and democracy, civil liberties and an open society.
In strictly medical terms, there's no difference between HIV and diabetes; they're not curable, but they're very, very highly treatable, and early information is power. The only thing - literally the only thing - that is different is the stigma. And we have to overcome it, because it is now the only reason people are dying.
I like when a guy makes me feel like a woman and a little girl at the same time.
When it comes to our collective health, how we deal with the multiple crises and problems around us also depends on the power of context - in other words, our resilience.
I do bits about dating but mainly about what I did and how incompetent I am, not any genuine people writing to me.
Let us never forget that the greatest man is never more than an animal disguised as a god.
History shows us that in times of people feeling like they are in need of some sort of rebellion or protests, the artists rise because the poetry we create about pain and its relationship to culture in the world begins to soothe and heal people who are feeling confused or afraid.
It's widely recognized that there is no peace without development and no development without peace; it is also true that there is no peace and sustainable development without respect for human rights.
One of the greatest gifts we can give people is the hope that their death is nothing to fear - you know, not that it has no fear in it, but the promise of scripture is that God will lead us through the valley of the shadow of death.
Whether it's the best of times or the worst of times, it's the only time we've got.
You will always be fond of me. I represent to you all the sins you have never had the courage to commit.
I don't think I would describe my sense of humor. Doesn't sound like the kind of thing I'd do.
You are God's own masterpiece! That means you are not ordinary or average; you are a one-of-a-kind original.
It's continuously humbling to work hard, you know? As long as you've got a good work ethic and a sense of humor, I don't think anybody can become too much of an egoist under those circumstances.
I have lots of friends, but I'm probably a terrible friend to all of them, even my family. I wouldn't be surprised if I found myself with no friends later on in life. My friends become my enemies.
I can't change me and I can't change other people's thinking. All I can do is continuously get better. So if I'm doing that, even if somebody doesn't like me or respect me, I don't care.
Before the music and before the fame, I loved Apl for Allan Pineda, for being a brother that he is and for the inspiration - for him to actually come to the States from the Philippines and make something of his life. That's inspirational.
You must not lose faith in humanity. Humanity is an ocean; if a few drops of the ocean are dirty, the ocean does not become dirty.
God is a God of systems and predictability and order, and God honors planning.
Death created the modern American union, not just by ensuring national survival, but by shaping enduring national structures and commitments. The work of death was Civil War America's most fundamental and most demanding undertaking.
The only thing I command is respect.
Don't ever know who you may meet, or just because a person may not be dressed up all fancy, don't mean they're not an important person. You just don't ever know who you're gonna meet in life. So that's why I look at everybody as equal. Can't just judge. I treat everybody with respect. Every man.
I say what I want to say and do what I want to do. There's no in between. People will either love you for it or hate you for it.
Those born into poverty or on the margins of society require our extra support to realize their dreams.
The contributions of African Americans, Native Americans, and immigrants throughout our nation's history are undeniable, but the tendency to overlook their gallant efforts is pervasive and persistent.
Pride is tough. You go to high school, and its 'pride,' 'courage;' it's all these types of words that we use to motivate us. I don't think there's anywhere in the Scriptures through the saints' lives where pride was ever a positive characteristic of anybody.
Life is the most exciting opportunity we have. But we have one shot. You graduate from college once, and that's it. You're going out of that nest. And you have to find that courage that's deep, deep, deep in there. Every step of the way.
In our open society, we are inclined to give to the less fortunate for the pure goodness of giving. We open our home to those who are alone on this holiday to spread some warmth into the life of another.
I feel that music is such an inspirational form of energy, as baseball is. And especially with Metallica, believe it or not, our shows are very physical. Sports is a very physical thing, too.
I love my mother to death. I'm pretty much a reflection of her.
It's critical that the manager has the respect of players so he can make the moves that he feels is appropriate without having somebody go to the papers. They respect you. So you respect them back.
You are a child of God. Your playing small does not serve the world. There is nothing enlightened about shrinking so that other people won't feel insecure about you. We were born to manifest the glory of God that is within us.
I'm an atheist, and the concept of god for me is all part of what I call 'the last illusion.' The last illusion is someone knows what is going on. Nearly everyone has that illusion somewhere, and it manifests not only in the terms of the idea that there is a god but that it knows what's going on but that the planets know what's going on.
It's odd how violence and humor so often go together, isn't it?
When I finished 'True History of the Kelly Gang,' I realised that Faulkner had not lost his power over me.
We all need to stand together and be a part of creating the future we hope to see.
Human history in essence is the history of ideas.
Hold those things that tell your history and protect them. During slavery, who was able to read or write or keep anything? The ability to have somebody to tell your story to is so important. It says: 'I was here. I may be sold tomorrow. But you know I was here.'
I hope for little girls and boys that there is a future where they can make choices about how they raise their family and what sort of career they have, which is based on what they want and what makes them happy.
One of the great things about the Internet is that you can read what everybody has to say about everything. It is fascinating to me, the critiques about humor by people who have no sense of humor.
Too low they build, who build beneath the stars.
Even non-democratic allies no longer trust America. Barack Obama has alienated our most important and longest standing Arab allies, Egypt and Saudi Arabia. Both the anti-Muslim Brotherhood and the anti-Iran Arab states have lost respect for him.
Our law is a Jordanian law that we inherited, which applies to both the West Bank and Gaza, and sets the death penalty for those who sell land to Israelis.
We love Bring Me The Horizon and I respect the band and their music.
Each time dawn appears, the mystery is there in its entirety.
There have been many different artists that have been inspirational. I suppose the question is directed to what was the reason why I went into fantasy illustration.
Early on, when my wife and I were dating, we went to the grocery store, and I told her that sometimes I just buy birthday cakes, and I eat them. And she said: 'Really? I do, too.'
You can be poor, middle class, or rich - it doesn't matter. The black card will still confer upon you an entire history of oppression, even if you've never been oppressed. Flash the black card, and most white people will cower.
Globalization has created this interlocking fragility. At no time in the history of the universe has the cancellation of a Christmas order in New York meant layoffs in China.
I don't have a type. But one thing I can say from my dating experience is that a physical attraction will only take you so far. So you definitely have to have a strong intellectual connection as well.
We have to forget the past. History is something that even today we are paying the consequences, and the future is integration. We all as a people, as citizens, as the leadership of both countries should be looking in that direction.
'Sticky' is about reaching a point in a relationship where you both realize you guys shouldn't be dating, but you're doing it anyway just because you like to have that sense of just being able to be honest with the person and comfortable with the person. You kind of ignore all of the signs and red flags because you really want to like the person.
Everything is a railway junction where past and future are sliding over one another, not touching.
God is a verb, not a noun.
We get to live in a time that we get to use social media as a tool. It's not just a face on a piece of paper, and that's what makes you someone's favorite model. We can have a very similar sense of humor as someone, and that's why we're their favorite model, or our personal style, off the runway, is why we're their favorite.
It is not death, it is dying that alarms me.
Sports is the common denominator in the world that brings everyone together. If there's any one place in the world where there is equality, it is probably sports. That was something that didn't always exist. We've come a long way in sports. Why can't society use sports as a way to bring people together and create change?
At Campbell's, we're listening to consumers. We recognize that real and healthier food is better for our consumers and our business. Our goal is to be the leading health and well-being food company.
God gave you a gift of 86,400 seconds today. Have you used one to say 'thank you?'
The boundaries which divide Life from Death are at best shadowy and vague. Who shall say where the one ends, and where the other begins?
You never know where life is going to take you. So everything I do, I just take it one day at a time, and it always leads you to the right place.
Wait for the Lord. Behave yourself manfully, and be of good courage. Do not be faithless, but stay in your place and do not turn back.
I don't need to make an announcement about who I'm dating. It's up to me to decide when and what I want to share about my personal life, and it is up to the audience to decide how they look at it.
Comedy is difficult for an actor. But I think I have a good sense of humor and manage to make people laugh and make them happy.
God used beautiful mathematics in creating the world.
I'm getting my respect as a video director. The fashion industry respects me and knows who I am.
I'm not very good at dating. I'm very decisive. If I like someone, then they're my boyfriend. It's pretty straightforward.
Courage is just fear, plus prayers, plus understanding.
The acceptance of death gives you more of a stake in life, in living life happily, as it should be lived. Living for the moment.
Even though chess isn't the toughest thing that computers will tackle for centuries, it stood as a handy symbol for human intelligence. No matter what human-like feat computers perform in the future, the Deep Blue match demands an indelible dot on all timelines of AI progress.
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.
Every country has a dark side of their history.
Concerning Poland, I can only say that the peoples of Central Europe and Hungary are a community in fate, to the death. Many of us would spill our blood for Poland any time. And vice versa: in an emergency, many Polish people would give his life to protect Hungarians. This has happened more than once over the course of history.
When thinking about the future, it is fashionable to be pessimistic. Yet the evidence unequivocally belies such pessimism. Over the past centuries, humanity's lot has improved dramatically - in the developed world, where it is rather obvious, but also in the developing world, where life expectancy has more than doubled in the past 100 years.
Having sisters is the best. I have a different relationship with each of them. I go to Kim for fashion advice, Khloe is always boy and family advice, and Kourtney is like another mother to me.
My health may be better preserved if I exert myself less, but in the end doesn't each person give his life for his calling?
No one can confidently say that he will still be living tomorrow.
There is no history of mankind, there are only many histories of all kinds of aspects of human life. And one of these is the history of political power. This is elevated into the history of the world.
I was taught to confront things you can't avoid. Death is one of those things. To live in a society where you're trying not to look at it is stupid because looking at death throws us back into life with more vigour and energy. The fact that flowers don't last for ever makes them beautiful.
I feel proud every time I recall the valour and courage of our army men in the war against Pakistan.
Time is a dressmaker specializing in alterations.
Athletes tend to have less of a sense of humor than most people. They are heroes to so many. That might be part of it.
The first requisite for immortality is death.
I respect the office of the president.
I met Adrienne Bailon a bit over two years ago, we worked together and became friends. Our circles connected and we remained good friends. From a friendship, as two single adults we have very recently begun to explore a dating relationship.
When a man's willing and eager the god's join in.
Men are convinced of your arguments, your sincerity, and the seriousness of your efforts only by your death.
Michael Pollan is a champion. In all ways. A man of great integrity, humor, and common sense and kindness.
Global sustainability is now the only avenue to future inclusive progress that can deliver the Sustainable Development Goals and the Paris climate agreement.
The health of our republic depends on shared principles like the First Amendment, but it is also built on the Teddy Roosevelt-like vigor of its citizens and local self-reliance.
Journalism allows its readers to witness history; fiction gives its readers an opportunity to live it.
From computers to information technology to airplanes, it has been America's unique blend of republican government and free-market capitalism that has allowed us to surpass all other nations in history.
Power corrupts. Absolute power is kind of neat.
When I was a critic, I reviewed Public Enemy's 'Muse Sick-n-Hour Mess Age' - this is back in '94 - and I called it a 'Dante-esque spiral of the hip-hop hell.' I idolized Chuck D, but I just hated that record, and I did not hold back. Chuck didn't freeze me out. Every time I met Chuck, he always treated me with the utmost respect.
There's no greater feeling in the world than when you can put a smile on somebody's face just by walking into a room. It's unbelievable. And if I have that power, who am I to waste it, you know?
Everything needs to work at the same time. But what keeps society vibrant permanently is jobs, industry, business, and stuff like that. It pays for everything else. If you just build affordable housing, and those people don't have jobs, it'll no longer be affordable soon. So you really have to build around the business community.
When we change the way we communicate, we change society.
Communism is a religion that is inspired, directed and motivated by the Devil himself who has declared war against Almighty God.
I know this president. And I can tell you that he cares deeply about the next generation of young women in this country - his daughters, and everyone's daughters. President Obama had the courage to stand with Sandra Fluke. Without hesitation, he defended her right to tell her story.
No science is immune to the infection of politics and the corruption of power.
Religion is part of the human make-up. It's also part of our cultural and intellectual history. Religion was our first attempt at literature, the texts, our first attempt at cosmology, making sense of where we are in the universe, our first attempt at health care, believing in faith healing, our first attempt at philosophy.
Attachment to the past and fears concerning the future not only govern the way you select the things you own but also represent the criteria by which you make choices in every aspect of your life, including your relationships with people and your job.
I love cooking. There is nothing I like better than going home and cooking my family a nice meal. Anything with pasta! Pasta with butter! I have a good repertoire, and I can do quite a few different dishes. Sometimes they work out and sometimes not.
In every parting there is an image of death.
Never say a humorous thing to a man who does not possess humor. He will always use it in evidence against you.
Humor is a part of spirituality.
The same energy of character which renders a man a daring villain would have rendered him useful in society, had that society been well organized.
We all have goals: We want to matter. We want to be important. We want to have freedom and power to pursue our creative work. We want respect from our peers and recognition for our accomplishments. Not out of vanity or selfishness, but of an earnest desire to fulfill our personal potential.
Bob Dylan enabled rock & roll to grow up and survive. He injected the power of language and ideas into the music.
The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants.
We can start with housing, the sturdiest of footholds for economic mobility. A national affordable housing program would be an anti-poverty effort, human capital investment, community improvement plan, and public health initiative all rolled into one.
I'm from a family of six men, so I'm bound to be physical.
Most people spend more time and energy going around problems than in trying to solve them.
The most difficult is the first family, to bring someone out of the world.
Most good relationships are built on mutual trust and respect.
Right now people are interested in genetic engineering to help the human race. That's a noble cause, and that's where we should be heading. But once we get past that - once we understand what genetic diseases we can deal with - when we start thinking about the future, there's an opportunity to create some new life-forms.
Social class has worked for years. Born into the right family, go to the right schools, even if you're not super bright to start with, you'll turn out bright. You go to the right university, you get the right job, you have the right connections, you'll make it to the top. Job done, very efficient.
So many times, people told me I can't do this or can't do that. My nature is that I don't listen very well. I'm very determined, and I believe in myself. My parents brought me up that way. Thank God for that. I don't let anything stand in my way.
Humor is just another defense against the universe.
Italians come to ruin most generally in three ways, women, gambling, and farming. My family chose the slowest one.
Nadal and Roger Federer have great respect for each other. I think Novak Djokovic gets under those two guys' skin a little bit, and maybe they don't want to admit it, and I think that's, in a way, healthy.
Women with money and women in power are two uncomfortable ideas in our society.
My three years in politics was very instructive about the way in which the appetite for political power can destroy a human mind, destroy principles and values, and transform people into little monsters.
It would take six months to get to Mars if you go there slowly, with optimal energy cost. Then it would take eighteen months for the planets to realign. Then it would take six months to get back, though I can see getting the travel time down to three months pretty quickly if America has the will.
I love working out. It's my release. I've done it since I've been in the military.
People say history is boring, and that is true because people are boring. We haven't changed since time began. We're still the same. We've obviously made some changes. When we started, it was all about food, clothing and shelter. Now we watch 'Top Chef', 'Project Runway', and 'Extreme Makeover: Home Edition.'
It takes a good deal of physical courage to ride a horse. This, however, I have. I get it at about forty cents a flask, and take it as required.
Sometimes you ask God for something and you don't know what you're asking.
The whole westward expansion myth is seen as romantic. But it's a joke, a blot on American history.
I'm very happy to be part of a generation where you don't have to say that you're gay. It's just like, 'I'm dating a dude,' or, 'I'm dating a girl,' and I love it. I think it's a great time.
Persecution is the first law of society because it is always easier to suppress criticism than to meet it.
Liberals are some of the most arrogant, condescending smart alecks, but they're just pure ignorant, and they fit the bill of people who have no love and no respect for the founding of this country.
I have no right, by anything I do or say, to demean a human being in his own eyes. What matters is not what I think of him; it is what he thinks of himself. To undermine a man's self-respect is a sin.
The judicial system is the most expensive machine ever invented for finding out what happened and what to do about it.
Abraham was extremely wealthy and he had a covenant with God. It's not the Jewish blessing, it's the Abrahamic blessing. I get excited talking about it 'cause I love it and I started out deep in debt with nothing. I had to learn this from the Bible and from my spiritual mentor Oral Roberts.
Nature is a divine art; it cannot be the artist. It is a dominical book and cannot be the scribe. It is an embroidery and cannot be the embroiderer. It is a register and cannot be the accountant. It is the law and cannot be the power.
I met my future husband Andy fighting for trans equality, and we fell in love. A couple of months after we started dating, Andy was diagnosed with cancer, and despite getting a clean bill of health several months later, eventually his cancer came back, and it was terminal.
They always win who side with God.
The upward course of a nation's history is due in the long run to the soundness of heart of its average men and women.
It took me a while to figure out the U.S. sense of humor, a lot of trial and error. I would write down jokes to casually tell my American friend over Skype to see which ones he'd laugh at.
Some people are naturally thin, and some are heavier. There is a lot of focus on it, and it can be a lot of pressure for people. But honestly, I think as long as someone is healthy, that is most important.
The injustices endured by black Americans at the hands of their own government have no parallel in our history, not only during the period of slavery but also in the Jim Crow era that followed.
I thank God I was raised Catholic, so sex will always be dirty.
Internationalism is a social and political theory, a certain concept of how human society ought to be organized, and in particular a concept of how the nations ought to organize their mutual relations.
The thing that I fear discriminating against is humor and truth.
Despite its challenges, globalization has led to one of the most peaceful and productive times in world history.
Here men from the planet Earth first set foot upon the Moon. July 1969 AD. We came in peace for all mankind.
But because it was able to balance that kind of humor with a sweet story and characters you really rooted for and also got across the girls' point of view, I've heard nothing but great things from younger and older females as well.
They put me in a harness, like a horse, to learn the back somersault. It was weird up there when I put on that harness for the first time. The courage came with practice.
Our best hope for the future is not to get people to think of all humanity as family - that's impossible. It lies, instead, in an appreciation of the fact that, even if we don't empathize with distant strangers, their lives have the same value as the lives of those we love.
When I look at a lot of older stuff that I've written, I think one sign of amateur humor writing is when you see people trying too hard.
Death is the sound of distant thunder at a picnic.
It is said that power corrupts, but actually it's more true that power attracts the corruptible. The sane are usually attracted by other things than power.
A lot has happened over the years. And while this nation has been tested by war, and it's been tested by recession and all manner of challenges - I stand before you again tonight, after almost two terms as your president, to tell you I am more optimistic about the future of America than ever before.
I am just scared to death of online dating.
When a woman removes her garment, she also removes the respect that is hers.
I'm so an all-or-nothing person in dating, always. I'm big on not wasting time. And so, yeah, if something's not working, it's time to not hold people back.
As a kid, all I thought about was death. But you can't tell your parents that.
Death hath a thousand doors to let out life: I shall find one.
We have no obligation to make history. We have no obligation to make art. We have no obligation to make a statement. Our obligation is to make money.
People who are powerless make an open theater of violence.
Some of the worst racist tragedies in history have been perfectly legal.
For too long in this society, we have celebrated unrestrained individualism over common community.
The future is as bright as the promises of God.
I come from a family of business people, but I had the idea I wanted to become an artist.
Sometimes you have to play a long time to be able to play like yourself.
You are a member of the British royal family. We are never tired, and we all love hospitals.
I have three goalkeepers who really inspired me. Jens Lehmann was my idol because he played for Schalke and was really progressive in the way he developed the position in Germany. I also have a lot of respect for all that Oliver Kahn achieved with the national team. Outside Germany, I would add that Edwin van der Sar was a big role model.
Money is power. Power is an aphrodisiac.
Women are, in my view, natural peacemakers. As givers and nurturers of life, through their focus on human relationships and their engagement with the demanding work of raising children and protecting family life, they develop a deep sense of empathy that cuts through to underlying human realities.
I have my strong faith, respect, and belief in Rajamouli sir. The fact that he believed I could play 'Baahubali' was huge for me.
One of the most important things in the digital world is being able to story-tell and help people envision the art of the possible with respect to different technologies.
I would like to stress this point undoubtedly: France sees the Arab Spring as auspicious. The Arab Spring holds out tremendous hope - hope for democracy and the rule of law, hope for peace and stability, hope for better future in which every person can pursue goals commensurate with his or her needs, talents and ambitions.
Absurdity is what I like most in life, and there's humor in struggling in ignorance. If you saw a man repeatedly running into a wall until he was a bloody pulp, after a while it would make you laugh because it becomes absurd.
Two races share today the soil of Canada. These people had not always been friends. But I hasten to say it. There is no longer any family here but the human family. It matters not the language people speak, or the altars at which they kneel.
It's God's will for you to live in prosperity instead of poverty. It's God's will for you to pay your bills and not be in debt.
Being homeless is like living in a post-apocalyptic world. You're on the outskirts of society.
A people that values its privileges above its principles soon loses both.
It is a blessed thing that in every age some one has had the individuality enough and courage enough to stand by his own convictions.
The fear of death comes from limited awareness.
There are a number of women who have brought about immense change in society.
The future rewards those who press on. I don't have time to feel sorry for myself. I don't have time to complain. I'm going to press on.
I got married at 18 after dating my boyfriend for about a year. It was quick, I know. My husband joined the Army, and I thought I'd go to college. But we moved to Fort Hood for his job with no money, not even a car.
The more we engage in society, the more firsts we have, then there will be a moment when we have no more firsts. Or maybe there will always be new firsts.
Education is everything - education is your power, education is your way in life for whatever you want to do.
If you must break the law, do it to seize power: in all other cases observe it.
I'm just cruising, doing me, having a good time and focusing on getting better.
If I were to say, 'God, why me?' about the bad things, then I should have said, 'God, why me?' about the good things that happened in my life.
Work is hard. Distractions are plentiful. And time is short.
The mother's love for her child is very strong in Korean society - almost on the borderline of being an obsession.
On 'Death Valley,' I fought this werewolf, and he was picking me up and slamming me down. They put padding down in the garbage so he could really slam me down. They're flying around and I'm doing these jumping flying triangles pulling the guy down. It's just fun.
I don't really talk about my personal life. It's a strange and funny and weird thing. Sometimes you have a conversation with someone and the paparazzi snaps a picture of you and people decide you're dating. If I try to answer everything people say, I would be up all night.
Of course the EU and member states must work to ensure that people moving from one country to another understand their obligations and their rights in areas like health, road safety and further education.
The atomic bomb made the prospect of future war unendurable. It has led us up those last few steps to the mountain pass; and beyond there is a different country.
You can't control where you were born, the family you were born into, what you look like; you can't control any of those circumstances. The only thing you can control is how you react.
Well first of all, tell me, is there some society you know of that doesn't run on greed? You think Russia doesn't run on greed? You think China doesn't run on greed? What is greed?
No matter how prepared you think you are for the death of a loved one, it still comes as a shock, and it still hurts very deeply.
Nothing makes one feel so strong as a call for help.
There is a direct correlation between gardening and mental health, not just to maintain good mental health but to repair it as well - that's anything in the gamut from depression to serious brain damage, schizophrenia or autism.
In the age of social media and dating apps, so many people are able to hide behind their Instagram page or their Raya page or Facebook. And it's like, 'Let's set something up! I want to meet face-to-face.' And 'Take Me' was about, 'Are you going to take me out? Do I have to be the first person to make the move?'
The American flag is the symbol of our freedom, national pride and history.
By the time we see that climate change is really bad, your ability to fix it is extremely limited... The carbon gets up there, but the heating effect is delayed. And then the effect of that heat on the species and ecosystem is delayed. That means that even when you turn virtuous, things are actually going to get worse for quite a while.
I love British humor. It's just so - surreal.
True courage is being afraid, and going ahead and doing your job anyhow, that's what courage is.
Discouragement is not the absence of adequacy but the absence of courage.
I will have to earn trust and respect from my kids.
History warns us that it is the customary fate of new truths to begin as heresies and to end as superstitions.
Probably the one Bible passage that is read by Jews and Roman Catholics, Protestants, Islam, more than any other chapter is Psalm 23. And in Psalm 23 there is a verse that says, 'Surely, yea though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil.'
I'm just one woman away, my mother, from being the same as Mike Tyson. I would've ended up like him if my mama had not been so tough and strong. A lot of people, including Mike, don't know I came from the ghetto. They think I'm too nice and proper. But that's the way my mama raised me - to look people in the eye and respect them.
I still can't decide which is silliest; a person believing in a God who 'isn't there,' or a person offended by a God whom he doesn't believe exists.
If you allow for a purely capitalistic society, without any type of regulation at all, you will get one monopoly that will eat all of the smaller fish and own everything, and then you'll have zero capitalism, zero competition - it would just be one giant company.
I got that experience through dating dozens of men for six years after college, getting an entry level magazine job at 21, working in the fiction department at Good Housekeeping and then working as a fashion editor there as well as writing many articles for the magazine.
My ancestors include Monahwee, who was one of the leaders in the Red Stick War, which was the largest Indian uprising in history, and Osceola, who refused to sign a treaty with the United States.
There is great strength in vulnerability, as it takes courage to push through the fear and share one's true self with others. In music, that vulnerability really speaks to listeners as it connects with their own hearts.
Never allow a person to tell you no who doesn't have the power to say yes.
Are there moments when I see unrequited crushes or ex-boyfriends slow dancing with their dates and kind of want to stab myself in the spleen with a salad fork? Yeah, sure.
Time was God's first creation.
Sometimes being a friend means mastering the art of timing. There is a time for silence. A time to let go and allow people to hurl themselves into their own destiny. And a time to prepare to pick up the pieces when it's all over.
Healthy people are those who live in healthy homes on a healthy diet; in an environment equally fit for birth, growth work, healing, and dying... Healthy people need no bureaucratic interference to mate, give birth, share the human condition and die.
In times of conflict, war, poverty or religious fundamentalism, women and children are the first and most numerous victims. Women need all their courage today.
We have created a society where individual rights and freedoms, compassion and diversity are core to our citizenship. But underlying that idea of Canada is the promise that we all have a chance to build a better life for ourselves and our children.
The best way to make your audience laugh is to start laughing yourself.
Going through a breakup in the middle of a pandemic/quarantine has really put a crimp on dating.
Time is a sort of river of passing events, and strong is its current; no sooner is a thing brought to sight than it is swept by and another takes its place, and this too will be swept away.
The bond that links your true family is not one of blood, but of respect and joy in each other's life.
I find humanism to be the most rational and positive philosophy for life. And it's not a new thing at all - the history of humanist thought is deep and inspiring.
Ya know, right now the most important thing in my life is to make sure you understand that, first of all I thank God I'm alive today, and I mean that. I spent too many years of my life thinking that the big party was the whole thing.
I got left for Mr. Bean. I found out a year after we split up. I opened the newspaper and there was a full-page story. No one else in the history of time has ever been left for Mr. Bean.
You never know what the future holds, so I am just enjoying being happy, healthy, and having my wonderful husband by my side.
Saying goodbye doesn't mean anything. It's the time we spent together that matters, not how we left it.
He is a man of courage who does not run away, but remains at his post and fights against the enemy.
We must show there is good in society. If you read the newspapers, you think there are only crooks in this world, but that's not true.
Spend some time this weekend on home improvement; improve your attitude toward your family.
I truly believe that when the history books are written, our age will be remembered for three things: the war on terror, the digital revolution, and what we did - or did not do - to put the fire out in Africa. History, like God, is watching what we do.
I confess, I do not believe in time.
But I know God has big stuff planned that ultimately doesn't have anything to do with me.
You can tell the truth, but sometimes you can't always be in your face with it. I found a way to tell the truth and put it in a nice, neat package for people to receive it. A lot of times, you have to put it in a nice, neat box with a bow tie, and when they open it, it's the truth. I think people respect that.
Health is not a condition of matter, but of Mind.
It is only in the light of the inescapable fact of death that a person can adequately engage and enter upon the mysterious fact of life.
There might be a lot of difference between Republicans and Democrats on key social issues like women's rights and health care. But when it comes to taking corporate cash, they're pretty much the same beast.
This Metaverse is going to be far more pervasive and powerful than anything else. If one central company gains control of this, they will become more powerful than any government and be a god on Earth.
I accept you, and you get the same respect from me whether you are black, white, gay straight, Asian, bisexual, Australian, tall, fat, whatever it is. We are all people, and I look at the people of the world the same way, as my brothers and sisters.
I'm really proud of 'Private Life.' It's about a marriage and a couple on the hunt to make a family by any means necessary. They're on such an obsessive quest that, after awhile, you forget that it's even for a baby. It fits right in that middle pocket of being a comedy and a drama.
Psychology is as important as substance. If you treat people with respect, they will go out of their way to accommodate you. If you treat them in a patronizing way, they will go out of their way to make your life difficult.
Where an excess of power prevails, property of no sort is duly respected. No man is safe in his opinions, his person, his faculties, or his possessions.
'Get along, go along' is not an inspirational philosophy, and only God knows how much moral cowardice it has covered up over the years. Serve your time, collect your chits, and cash 'em in for your home state? No, I'd say we could ask for more than that from our senators.
Everybody dates these days. Like you get to know someone before you end up getting married, committing for a lifetime relationship. So dating is cool, date as much as you want, get to know the person.
I think that what's been holding composers back a great deal is that they feel they must have a new style every year. This, in my case, would be hopeless. In fact, it is said that I have no style at all, but that doesn't matter. I just go on doing, as they say, my thing. I believe this takes a certain courage.
I'm the one that has to die when it's time for me to die, so let me live my life, the way I want to.
If you keep dating and keep out there, you keep a higher level of hope, and also, your skills at doing it improve because you're doing it more often, and you are bringing less anxiety to the table.
I believe the future is only the past again, entered through another gate.
Humor in a relationship is so important. Many women will say that. Some say, 'If they can make you laugh, it's the sexiest thing on earth.'
I enjoy dating. I love first dates. I think they're incredibly fascinating studies in human psychology. When you sit down across from someone on a first date and things are going alright, you talk objectives. We want to win each other over, so how do you win someone over? You have to put the best foot forward.
A retired teacher paid $62,000 towards her pension and nothing, yes nothing, for full family medical, dental and vision coverage over her entire career. What will we pay her? $1.4 million in pension benefits and another $215,000 in health care benefit premiums over her lifetime.
I've helped some of my classmates on how to strategize to get to the next level of their businesses. And it's interesting, because here I am sitting there from the entertainment industry and the fashion industry, and I'm giving a billionaire that has a business that's been in his family for 300 years - I'm giving him advice about strategy!
Punctuality is the virtue of the bored.
Bodybuilding saved my life because I overcame the nerd stage. I got picked on. I was fascinated with power, and then I decided to take that direction because I knew that would make me feel good about myself.
I think I'm funny because my family, my siblings were funny.
Attachment is your biggest strength and your biggest weakness. Though it gives you the power to love someone more than yourself, it becomes difficult to live when you lose something you are attached to. Even when we have lost, we should go beyond that and get truly attached to someone. Loving someone truly is the most beautiful feeling.
Our democratic values also include - and our national security demands - open and transparent government. Some information obviously needs to be protected. And since his first days in office, President Obama has worked to strike the proper balance between the security the American people deserve and the openness our democratic society expects.
Orwell's '1984' convinced me, rightly or wrongly, that Marxism was only a quantum leap away from tyranny. By contrast, Huxley's 'Brave New World' suggested that the totalitarian systems of the future might be subservient and ingratiating.
Power is the most persuasive rhetoric.
It was sad leaving 'All Saints' because I was leaving a family that had nurtured me and looked after me for a couple of years, and at the same time that particular storyline wasn't a surprise to me. I knew I was going. It had been worked out very carefully over many months.
Any intelligent fool can make things bigger and more complex... It takes a touch of genius - and a lot of courage to move in the opposite direction.
In oneself lies the whole world and if you know how to look and learn, the door is there and the key is in your hand. Nobody on earth can give you either the key or the door to open, except yourself.
I find it a lot healthier for me to be someplace where I can go outside in my bare feet.
View health as an investment, not an expense.
Humor is one of the best ingredients of survival.
We had no more courage than Harriet Tubman or Marcus Garvey had in their times. We just had a more vulnerable enemy.
Which is, I'm an optimist that two people can be together to work out their conflicts. And that commitment, I think, might be what love is, because they both grow from their relationship.
I'm considering 'Dark Souls 3' to be the big closure on the series. That's not just limited to me, but From Software and myself together want to aggressively make new things in the future.
Who owns the future? This is the question at the heart of every stock market.
I'm going to look forward to the future as opposed to looking back at the past.
Nothing strengthens authority so much as silence.
Just touching that old tree was truly moving to me because when you touch these trees, you have such a sense of the passage of time, of history. It's like you're touching the essence, the very substance of life.
Wells Fargo's internal review only covers unauthorized accounts dating back to 2011. News reports and court documents suggest these problems might have existed long before then. The 2013 'Los Angeles Times' articles led to the L.A. city attorney's office investigation into Wells Fargo's sales practices.
Democracy without respect for individual rights sucks. It's just ganging up against the weird kid, and I'm always the weird kid.
If future generations are to remember us more with gratitude than sorrow, we must achieve more than just the miracles of technology. We must also leave them a glimpse of the world as it was created, not just as it looked when we got through with it.
Home is where your family is. Wherever you are, it's about the people you're surrounded by, not necessarily where you lay your head.
The path from dreams to success does exist. May you have the vision to find it, the courage to get on to it, and the perseverance to follow it.
I think the Iraqi people have shown extraordinary patience and courage in the last few months. They have really put a political system on the way to success, to a real democracy here.
Blood alone moves the wheels of history.
Life is never all one thing. It bounces around. Certainly, my own life has. Look at Woody Allen's funny movies - all the humor comes out of sad stuff. Sometimes you have to laugh, no matter what life deals you.
The Adequate Protest demands far more than protests. It calls for Great and Daring Leaps of Integrity and Courage to See.
It is the faithfulness of God that allows epistemology to model ontology.
You know, 'Jake 2.0' had some funny things in it; I mean, I needed my sense of humor to do that part.
I am God's wheat, and I shall be ground by the teeth of beasts, that I may become the pure bread of Christ.
I'm healthy as can be - not an ache or a pain. A lot of my prayer is thanking the Lord that I am healthy. I pray for long life and good health.
We live life in restaurants, its the center of social life, where we celebrate with family and friends, make new friends, travel without traveling, and of course, eat.
A good historian is timeless; although he is a patriot, he will never flatter his country in any respect.
Courage is rightly esteemed the first of human qualities... because it is the quality which guarantees all others.
Because at bottom, I'm interested in fear, and in courage and cowardice and these are easier to get at through fiction, where you can enter people's heads.
Our society must make it right and possible for old people not to fear the young or be deserted by them, for the test of a civilization is the way that it cares for its helpless members.
The more you look into health and health inequalities, you realize that a lot of it is not due to a particular disease - it's really linked to underlying societal issues such as poverty, inequity, lack of access to safe drinking water and housing. And these are all the things we focus on at CARE.
It's not health care reform to dump more money into Medicaid.
The reconnection of society, economy and ethics is a project we cannot postpone.
On numerous different occasions I have had people tell me that I am only booked because of my dad, because of who I was dating, or any other exceptions other than my hard work, so in my mind I wanted to put in the extra hours in the ring.
I am what time, circumstance, history, have made of me, certainly, but I am also, much more than that. So are we all.
For 50 years, nuclear power stations have produced three products which only a lunatic could want: bomb-explosive plutonium, lethal radioactive waste and electricity so dear it has to be heavily subsidised. They leave to future generations the task, and most of the cost, of making safe sites that have been polluted half-way to eternity.
Both my father and mother were survivors of the Warsaw Ghetto and the Nazi concentration camps. Apart from my parents, every family member on both sides was exterminated by the Nazis.
History is a cyclic poem written by time upon the memories of man.
Republicans are men of narrow vision, who are afraid of the future.
The intellectual tradition is one of servility to power, and if I didn't betray it I'd be ashamed of myself.
Sometimes the rewards of risk don't leave us wrecked. Sometimes we find our passion, our purpose, courage, connection, and comfort. Every good thing in our lives is a direct result of risk.
The final test of a gentleman is his respect for those who can be of no possible service to him.
I have so much respect for the genre of country music and for all the greats that have been a part of it. I'm a country singer, I'm a country fan, and I'm a student of country music.
By the Obama administration's reasoning, it would be constitutionally permissible to make Americans purchase nearly any product (broccoli, gym membership) that improved their health and thereby contributed to lower health-care costs.
Religion is about turning untested belief into unshakable truth through the power of institutions and the passage of time.
Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers. It may not be difficult to store up in the mind a vast quantity of facts within a comparatively short time, but the ability to form judgments requires the severe discipline of hard work and the tempering heat of experience and maturity.
I saw also that there was an ocean of darkness and death, but an infinite ocean of light and love, which flowed over the ocean of darkness.
If we desire a society in which men are brothers, then we must act towards one another with brotherhood. If we can build such a society, then we would have achieved the ultimate goal of human freedom.
The past is not dead, it is living in us, and will be alive in the future which we are now helping to make.
God put me on this earth to accomplish a certain number of things. Right now I am so far behind that I will never die.
My wife, my daughters, even my grandchildren are funny. You've got to keep a sense of humor because anger destroys you.
No matter how big you are, when you go back home, your family treats you like a normal person.
We make our friends; we make our enemies; but God makes our next door neighbour.
Use your health, even to the point of wearing it out. That is what it is for. Spend all you have before you die; do not outlive yourself.
Nation should be rest assured Pakistan is a safe atomic power. No one can cast an evil eye on it.
Every time there's a new tool, whether it's Internet or cell phones or anything else, all these things can be used for good or evil. Technology is neutral; it depends on how it's used.
God is a God of the present. God is always in the moment, be that moment hard or easy, joyful and painful.
It's only when we truly know and understand that we have a limited time on earth - and that we have no way of knowing when our time is up, we will then begin to live each day to the fullest, as if it was the only one we had.
There is nothing new in the world except the history you do not know.
I like the dreams of the future better than the history of the past.
It takes a certain courage and a certain greatness to be truly base.
Because of indifference, one dies before one actually dies.
Never go backward. Attempt, and do it with all your might. Determination is power.
Censorship reflects a society's lack of confidence in itself.
Freedom in capitalist society always remains about the same as it was in ancient Greek republics: Freedom for slave owners.
Whereas the handling of the case against President Nixon clearly strengthened the nation's respect for law, justice and truth, the Clinton impeachment may unfortunately have the opposite result.
In many people's minds, Everest has lost her crown. She has become a mountain synonymous with death, exploitation and pollution.
A sense of humor is the ability to understand a joke - and that the joke is oneself.
Also, my mom and family are very important to me and I know that this is not expected.
When humor can be made to alternate with melancholy, one has a success, but when the same things are funny and melancholic at the same time, it's just wonderful.
I don't need someone else's power. I'm obtaining my own.
There can be no stronger claim to a physician's assistance than at the time when death is imminent, a moral judgment implied by the state's own recognition of the legitimacy of medical procedures necessarily hastening the moment of impending death.
Fathers should be neither seen nor heard. That is the only proper basis for family life.
We often find far more power in a symbol than in something that is an an actuality.
Our progress against malaria is impressive. But vigilance remains a critical ingredient to protect the health of all people.
I feel like knowledge is power: If you know how to take care of yourself, you can be a better version of yourself.
God does not play dice.
I believe in the power of great clothing. It can evoke confidence, beauty, and a sense of glamour.
They say you don't want to meet your heroes, but those two guys, you do want to meet them, because they do not disappoint. Walken has this amazing sense of humor, and Pacino is like just a sweetheart of a guy.
History is made every day. The challenge is getting everyone to pay attention to it.
I think history repeats itself. There's a constant conversation between the oppressed and the oppressor. No matter what your field is, whether it's gender equality, the Time's Up movement, or diversity casting, it's always going to be a back-and-forth battle.
But a city is more than a place in space, it is a drama in time.
I feel very honoured to be joining the Ferrari family and becoming a part of the most prestigious team in the history of Formula One.
On April 3, 2014, Jane Goodall turned 80. The iconic blond ponytail has gone gray, but the sparkle of intelligence, sly humor, and fierce dedication still shines from her hazel eyes.
The labor of women in the house, certainly, enables men to produce more wealth than they otherwise could; and in this way women are economic factors in society. But so are horses.
When we respect everybody around us, we are in peace with everybody around us.
God is a comedian, playing to an audience too afraid to laugh.
The boys, they are laughing: 'Oh, you are boxing. Very funny.' But I always challenge when people are laughing - 'I'll show you one day.' After getting five times world champion, they are all quiet. And they respect me.
The Communist regime didn't consider this to be a shining moment in history and assigned no heroism to it. They classified it as merely an accident.
You must make women count as much as men; you must have an equal standard of morals; and the only way to enforce that is through giving women political power so that you can get that equal moral standard registered in the laws of the country. It is the only way.
Comedy, we may say, is society protecting itself - with a smile.
PUMA has been an iconic name in the fashion world for decades, their ability to remain at the top of the game in not only sportswear, but in culture and fashion is inspirational.
Oh, my God, this amazing cool breeze is coming through my window and the sun is shining. I'm happy.
Humor comes from the surprise release of some buried tension.
Wine comes in at the mouth And love comes in at the eye; That's all we shall know for truth Before we grow old and die.
It takes a lot of courage to release the familiar and seemingly secure, to embrace the new. But there is no real security in what is no longer meaningful. There is more security in the adventurous and exciting, for in movement there is life, and in change there is power.
The psychologist Elizabeth Loftus has shown great courage, in the face of spiteful vested interests, in demonstrating how easy it is for people to concoct memories that are entirely false but which seem, to the victim, every bit as real as true memories.
Nationalism is power hunger tempered by self-deception.
Humor brings insight and tolerance. Irony brings a deeper and less friendly understanding.
It is impossible to predict the time and progress of revolution. It is governed by its own more or less mysterious laws.
OUR history begins before we are born. We represent the hereditary influences of our race, and our ancestors virtually live in us.
You don't have to get ready if you stay ready, alright? I'm always in the gym, always training, all the time.
Life is but a moment, death also is but another.
All those spices and herbs in your spice rack can do more than provide calorie-free, natural flavorings to enhance and make food delicious. They're also an incredible source of antioxidants and help rev up your metabolism and improve your health at the same time.
I like art with a sense of humor. I don't have a huge art education to understand everything. I don't think that means that art has to be watered down to the lowest common denominator, though. I don't think you have to go to college to be able appreciate great art, but I like art that doesn't take itself too seriously.
Benazir Bhutto was an inspirational leader and an inspirational woman.
Any society based on domination supports and condones violence.
Only in our dreams are we free. The rest of the time we need wages.
People who own property feel a sense of ownership in their future and their society. They study, save, work, strive and vote. And people trapped in a culture of tenancy do not.
I think 'Heroes of Cosplay' will show a lot of the positive things, like how much effort it takes to make a costume. These people on the show aren't taking shortcuts. As long as that effort gets through to the viewers, we will be inspirational. Then there will be people who watch the show that want to get in and hands-on make outfits.
The man who has the courage of his platitudes is always a successful man.
Society attacks early, when the individual is helpless.
True happiness is... to enjoy the present, without anxious dependence upon the future.
I'm not great at dating, but I need to do it to relax.
Nobody can predict the future. You just have to give your all to the relationship you're in and do your best to take care of your partner, communicate and give them every last drop of love you have. I think one of the most important things in a relationship is caring for your significant other through good times and bad.
The science of psychology has been far more successful on the negative than on the positive side... It has revealed to us much about man's shortcomings, his illnesses, his sins, but little about his potentialities, his virtues, his achievable aspirations, or his psychological health.
My father is Italian, and I never met my paternal grandparents. The family name was 'Caroselli' and it was changed in the mid '50s. I think they wanted to assimilate, which was pretty common, although I love the name 'Caroselli.'
I look forward to working with our leadership team to advance the causes of smaller government, lower taxes, eliminating terrorism, and providing affordable health care, among other issues.
Going back into the history of a word, very often into Latin, we come back pretty commonly to pictures or models of how things happen or are done.
The power of the ballot we need in sheer defense, else what shall save us from a second slavery?
A healthy outside starts from the inside.
Sense of humor is important in life, not just in clothing. How boring to live a life in beige.
Take everything you know. Take your whole selves. Be inclusive. Be open. Make history in the infinite ways that your heart takes you.
Both of my parents have great senses of humor.
Without culture, and the relative freedom it implies, society, even when perfect, is but a jungle. This is why any authentic creation is a gift to the future.
Arab society features apartheid of women, apartheid of homosexuals, and apartheid of Christians, Jews, and democracy.
There was no respect for youth when I was young, and now that I am old, there is no respect for age, I missed it coming and going.
There is only one thing for us to do, and that is to do our level best right where we are every day of our lives; To use our best judgment, and then to trust the rest to that Power which holds the forces of the universe in his hands.
I believe that economists put decimal points in their forecasts to show they have a sense of humor.
The easiest diet is, you know, eat vegetables, eat fresh food. Just a really sensible healthy diet like you read about all the time.
Without craftsmanship, inspiration is a mere reed shaken in the wind.
The world has been experiencing a whole pattern of auto-destruction, whether in environmental disasters like Chernobyl or health disasters like AIDS.
In Italy, some managers want distance from the players, the Fabio Capello style, but that is not my way. I am more like Carlo Ancelotti. There are aspects of the players' behaviour I do not understand, but I want them to respect our situation. If they do that, I have a lot of respect for them, too, and I will do everything to help them.
Nobody has yet proven that taking a chance and doing something unique that an audience isn't used to is a bad idea. What the theater lacks is that kind of courage.
Dig for feedback on yourself. You need to have the courage to ask for feedback. You need to learn how you can learn how to grow. It is important that you are going to be a lifelong learner.
I know for certain that God does not make mistakes, but he does make miracles. I am one. You are, too.
Time flies never to be recalled.
For me, I try and be authentic in my choices and follow my instincts, and I think it's a valuable message for women in today's society to learn to love yourself.
Art, it seems to me, doesn't need freedom so much as it needs courage and love - some would call it 'soul' or 'Eros.'
Society in every state is a blessing, but government, even in its best stage, is but a necessary evil; in its worst state an intolerable one.
We are either in the process of resisting God's truth or in the process of being shaped and molded by his truth.
If there is something that I respect about the Arabs, it's the fact that they never change their position.
The next time some academics tell you how important diversity is, ask how many Republicans there are in their sociology department.
My Native American heritage was not embraced by our family, and we grew up African-American, so I didn't have a lot of access or history to that line of my family.
I was born into a very religious family where everything was about setting the right example for the community and having to obey orders blindly. I felt that everyone was growing up in the world, except me. This is probably one of the reasons why I had such a rebellious attitude towards any form of authority.
People that are really very weird can get into sensitive positions and have a tremendous impact on history.
Sometimes I make myself laugh, but that's because I appreciate my sense of humor.
Mankind is like dogs, not gods - as long as you don't get mad they'll bite you - but stay mad and you'll never be bitten. Dogs don't respect humility and sorrow.
People who don't know how to keep themselves healthy ought to have the decency to get themselves buried, and not waste time about it.
Hollywood is a lot like high school. Everyone was interested in what the head cheerleader was doing and what the captain of the football team was doing and if they were dating each other.
Action game players make more correct decisions per unit time. If you are a surgeon or you are in the middle of a battlefield, that can make all the difference.
My family and I have been blessed with good fortune in the world of business. We've created quite a net worth. My children, two boys, have more money than they will ever need, and they aren't empire builders.
A boy is naturally full of humor.
It's hard to force creativity and humor.
When you invest your time, you make a goal and a decision of something that you want to accomplish. Whether it's make good grades in school, be a good athlete, be a good person, go down and do some community service and help somebody who's in need, whatever it is you choose to do, you're investing your time in that.
I was cast in 'Thor' and I'm cast as a Nordic god. If you know anything about the Nords, they don't look like me but there you go. I think that's a sign of the times for the future. I think we will see multi-level casting. I think we will see that, and I think that's good.
I am not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today!
Properly defined, a startup is the largest group of people you can convince of a plan to build a different future.
I want to go down in the history books as one of the greatest female boxers of all time, and I think I'm on the right path.
Books are the carriers of civilization. Without books, history is silent, literature dumb, science crippled, thought and speculation at a standstill.
Education is the development of power and ideal.
Time is the most valuable thing a man can spend.
Humor is the first of the gifts to perish in a foreign tongue.
Everybody, even me, sometimes had to compromise on something, doing things we know to be wrong, and this happens doing whatever job in the world. But a singer must have the courage of saying no.
Our biggest achievement was health-sector reform. The success was in making sure that primary health care was the center of gravity in our health system.
I still believe that Mercedes and Ferrari are the two strongest power units but then Honda is a lot stronger than they get credit for I think.
I would rather die than do something which I know to be a sin, or to be against God's will.
I don't dislike rappers or hip-hop or people who like it. I went to the Def Jam tour in Manchester in the '80s when rap was inspirational. Public Enemy were awesome. But it's all about status and bling now, and it doesn't say anything to me.
Don't wish me happiness - I don't expect to be happy it's gotten beyond that, somehow. Wish me courage and strength and a sense of humor - I will need them all.
When humor goes, there goes civilization.
My parents are still here in Charleston, and I have a lot of family here, so it's great to be back.
Dating is just awkward moments and one person wants more than the other. It's just that constant strangeness. I think it's a very real thing.
It is not a shocker to me that a film went out of my hands, not because I was not credible, but because I was not so-and-so's daughter or sister or dating so-and-so.
India is a curious place that still preserves the past, religions, and its history. No matter how modern India becomes, it is still very much an old country.
There are certain people who respect me in the dark. Some people who don't know me are afraid to say, 'What you doin' is kind of incredible.'
It's always the girl comedy and the guy comedy. It bums me out. You'd think there'd be a progression, from James L. Brooks and Nora Ephron into more subtle humor and behavior and psychology. All these interesting things people can learn about themselves by watching talented writers comment intelligently on someone else's emotional life.
For an artist, a good place to be is you have some kind of influence and power to get things done, but in your essence you remain a nomad or a soldier facing a difficulty to be overcome.
This is how a revolution begins. It begins when someone grows tired of standing idly by, waiting for history's arc to bend toward justice, and instead decides to give it a swift shove. It begins when a black seamstress named Rosa Parks refuses to give up her seat on a bus to a white man in the segregated South.
Power does not corrupt. Fear corrupts... perhaps the fear of a loss of power.
Doing research for 'Penumbra,' I read quite a bit about the early history of printing, and the more I did, the more it sounded like... the Internet today. There was crazy competition and upheaval; there were constant arguments about new techniques, new materials, new machines; and, of course, there were fortunes to be made.
Never underestimate the power of anyone's story... anyone's life.
Support the strong, give courage to the timid, remind the indifferent, and warn the opposed.
Today the demands are for even higher standards in the quality of care, for greater flexibility and convenience in treatment times, and for more prevention through screening and health checks.
Our ideals are our better selves.
We need to find the courage to say no to the things and people that are not serving us if we want to rediscover ourselves and live our lives with authenticity.
We're all so busy we don't make time to enjoy our lives, good company and good food.
Princes and governments are far more dangerous than other elements within society.
OKCupid's model is almost entirely based on advertising, which is the way most online media is monetized these days, whether it's the news or whether it's sports, and we think online dating is going to evolve in the exact same way.
I have frequently been questioned, especially by women, of how I could reconcile family life with a scientific career. Well, it has not been easy.
You have to fight for your health and stay on top of it. Our bodies are meant to be healthy.
We convince by our presence.
There seems to be no lengths to which humorless people will not go to analyze humor. It seems to worry them.
The future of innovation has to include not only the technology, but economic viability.
I know of no higher fortitude than stubborness in the face of overwhelming odds.
I always like a woman in power in politics. I think they're pretty inspirational in terms of looks to begin with. It's very calculated.
Part of the reason why people get radicalized is because they feel they are disenfranchised; that they not there; that they are bullied. But if they are represented, they can't go and say to themselves: 'Oh, this society hates us!'
Sergio Mora is a Rubik's Cube. You have to figure him out. He's crafty and I have the utmost respect for him.
Give fools their gold, and knaves their power; let fortune's bubbles rise and fall; who sows a field, or trains a flower, or plants a tree, is more than all.
Certainly, anyone whom I've witnessed, who has gone through something horrible and life-changing, has a sense of ironic humor, or an ability to look at the peculiarities of the world and find humor in it.
I grew up in the world of bad television, on my dad's sets and then as a young schmuck on dating shows and so on.
Ideas shape the course of history.
The Good Humor man can only be pushed so far.
Moral authority comes from following universal and timeless principles like honesty, integrity, treating people with respect.
I've had a very laughable career and what has seen me through is my sense of humor.
A man becomes as attractive as an attractive woman when he becomes successful and is publicly noted. Power's an aphrodisiac.
No man in the world has more courage than the man who can stop after eating one peanut.
If God doesn't destroy Hollywood Boulevard, he owes Sodom and Gomorrah an apology.
My mother taught me about the power of inspiration and courage, and she did it with a strength and a passion that I wish could be bottled.
Practically all the relationships I know are based on a foundation of lies and mutually accepted delusion.
I knew, regardless of anything else, singing in front of an orchestra was going to be inspirational. It would feed me.
By the time we've made it, we've had it.
We must develop and maintain the capacity to forgive. He who is devoid of the power to forgive is devoid of the power to love. There is some good in the worst of us and some evil in the best of us. When we discover this, we are less prone to hate our enemies.
I love Messi with the ball at his feet: he scores goals and does all the rest, too. But Cristiano's numbers can't be ignored. It's a cruel comparison. Both of them deserve respect.
God will use whatever he wants to display his glory. Heavens and stars. History and nations. People and problems.
Wild animals never kill for sport. Man is the only one to whom the torture and death of his fellow creatures is amusing in itself.
Whatever you can do, or dream you can, begin it. Boldness has genius, power, and magic in it.
Forgiving does not erase the bitter past. A healed memory is not a deleted memory. Instead, forgiving what we cannot forget creates a new way to remember. We change the memory of our past into a hope for our future.
If you are attempting to study American history, and you don't understand the force of white supremacy, you fundamentally misunderstand America.
If you live a life of make-believe, your life isn't worth anything until you do something that does challenge your reality. And to me, sailing the open ocean is a real challenge, because it's life or death.
I've decided to run for the U.S. Senate because I believe Wisconsin families need a senator who will work hard to deliver results for the middle class - a leader with the courage to do what's right, no matter how tough the odds or how powerful the special interests we have to fight.
It is a sign of creeping inner death when we can no longer praise the living.
If death meant just leaving the stage long enough to change costume and come back as a new character, would you slow down? Or speed up?
I'm immensely proud to be a Democrat because of our party's history of fighting for justice, fairness, and equality. From Roosevelt to Obama, we've worked to bring seniors and children out of poverty, expanded civil rights, supported science and research, and pushed for equality of opportunity.
The Chinese art world does not exist. In a society that restricts individual freedoms and violates human rights, anything that calls itself creative or independent is a pretence. It is impossible for a totalitarian society to create anything with passion and imagination.
First and foremost, I would like to extend my deepest sympathies to the family of Michael Brown. As I have said in the past, I know that, regardless of the circumstances here, they lost a loved one to violence. I know the pain that accompanies such a loss knows no bounds.
When God speaks, oftentimes His voice will call for an act of courage on our part.
Editing is really like plumbing a good deal of the time. You put two things together, and a current runs through it.
Courage is the ladder on which all the other virtues mount.
I believe in the power of weakness.
Everybody told me that Taiwan is a very polite society and that people don't like gossip and scandals here. But they just pretend they don't like it. We have, by far, the biggest newspaper in Taiwan. They just buy it to read it at home.
I write about what I know: teenage dating, overly charged sexuality, all the things that make you uncomfortable.
Death is always around the corner, but often our society gives it inordinate help.
The Son of God became man so that we might become God.
We must never forget that Black History is American History. The achievements of African Americans have contributed to our nation's greatness.
In reality, victims of human trafficking are often left voiceless and completely unseen by society.
Receiving the authority of the priesthood by the laying on of hands is an important beginning, but it is not enough. Ordination confers authority, but righteousness is required to act with power as we strive to lift souls, to teach and testify, to bless and counsel, and to advance the work of salvation.
Rome - the city of visible history, where the past of a whole hemisphere seems moving in funeral procession with strange ancestral images and trophies gathered from afar.
It is vain for the coward to flee; death follows close behind; it is only by defying it that the brave escape.
I know Spanish pretty well. I'm half-Puerto Rican - my mom is from Puerto Rico - so I have a lot of family there, and my mom's first language is Spanish. But growing up in the States, and with my dad being from the States, I'm kind of just like this white kid.
I have a wonderful shelter, which is my family. I have a wonderful relationship with my brother and sister; this makes me feel that I know always where I belong.
Great authors are admirable in this respect: in every generation they make for disagreement. Through them we become aware of our differences.
A woman should be home with the children, building that home and making sure there's a secure family atmosphere.
It is not just disposable income but whether people feel good about their immediate future that drives sales. It is this feel-good factor that drives the purchases more and more than mere economic wealth.
I'm cut from a different cloth. I would never moon someone. I was raised in a good family.
Perhaps we don't need these religious concoctions to pillow the fear of death. Just the fact that there is an unknown, and something greater, can bring a feeling of peace. That's enough for me.
My parents are very hard working people who did everything they could for their children. I have two brothers and they worked dog hard to give us an education and provide us with the most comfortable life possible. My dad provided for his family daily. So, yes, that is definitely in my DNA.
A good financial plan is a road map that shows us exactly how the choices we make today will affect our future.
My best friend is the most important girl, outside of family, to me. I met her when I went to college and we bonded immediately. I'd do anything for her at any time. We phone each other every day.
Anytime we're talking about Thurgood Marshall, that's a good thing, I think, because it gives us an opportunity to go back, look at the history, and recognize what his contributions were.
All of us have a place in history. Mine is clouds.
God gives the nuts, but he does not crack them.
The most violent element in society is ignorance.
Children are our future we must take care of them with maximum effort.
It is really very important while you are young to live in an environment in which there is no fear. Most of us, as we grow older, become frightened; we are afraid of living, afraid of losing a job, afraid of tradition, afraid of what the neighbours, or what the wife or husband would say, afraid of death.
At a time when science plays such a powerful role in the life of society, when the destiny of the whole of mankind may hinge on the results of scientific research, it is incumbent on all scientists to be fully conscious of that role, and conduct themselves accordingly.
I'm not a big family person. I'm more of a loner.
Every child matters. If we fail our children, we are bound to fail our present, our future, faith, cultures, and civilisations as well.
Each of us has an inner dream that we can unfold if we will just have the courage to admit what it is. And the faith to trust our own admission. The admitting is often very difficult.
As far as military necessity will permit, religiously respect the constitutional rights of all.
But really, we also need to learn how to love one another as women. How to appreciate and respect each other.
I was the youngest child and the only son. I was expected to shine in academics. It seemed like too big a risk to take up cricket as a career. I thought I had to live up to my family's expectations. So I chose to be an engineer.
The stage is where I feel most comfortable, and I miss it all the time.
In the information society, nobody thinks. We expect to banish paper, but we actually banish thought.
I don't think of myself as funny - I don't fill up a room with my humor... I would fail miserably as a stand-up comedian.
The greatest power is often simple patience.
I'm really excited about what the future holds and to grow as an individual and as an artist.
We have to be thankful considering our number as a family we enjoy very good health generally but you may be sure me and my partner have quite enough to exercise our minds and occupy our attention.
A man does not die of love or his liver or even of old age; he dies of being a man.
Bravery is the capacity to perform properly even when scared half to death.
When I'm ready, I plan to adopt. I still believe in family.
I have known Tavis Smiley since the 1980s, when we both worked at the same radio station in Los Angeles. He is smart, and he is a gentleman who has accorded me great respect both on and off the air.
Those who lack the courage will always find a philosophy to justify it.
Human rights commissions, as they are evolving, are an attack on our fundamental freedoms and the basic existence of a democratic society... It is in fact totalitarianism. I find this is very scary stuff.
Courage is never to let your actions be influenced by your fears.
Each day provides its own gifts.
Many of us crucify ourselves between two thieves - regret for the past and fear of the future.
There are so many things to talk about between black people, Hispanic people, white people, gay people, men, women, it's all based on fear. We all have fears, this thing that stops us from embracing as we are one. We are never going to be one. People are messed up, but humor lets us see how ignorant we can be.
The difference between being a part-time writer and a full-time writer is like the difference between dating someone and living with them. Some of the romance is gone, but you learn things you'd never know just by dating.
Reading a book is like re-writing it for yourself. You bring to a novel, anything you read, all your experience of the world. You bring your history and you read it in your own terms.
They say history doesn't repeat itself, but it rhymes.
The power of community to create health is far greater than any physician, clinic or hospital.
The struggle of man against power is the struggle of memory against forgetting.
Golf is deceptively simple and endlessly complicated; it satisfies the soul and frustrates the intellect. It is at the same time rewarding and maddening - and it is without a doubt the greatest game mankind has ever invented.
I am often the brunt of my own humor.
My mom taught me the power of love. I learned to focus on the long-term big picture from my father. His sense of humor and light-hearted approach always make me smile. My husband is a pivotal anchor in my life. His influence encourages me to be independent and take risks.
Grace is what matters in anything - especially life, especially growth, tragedy, pain, love, death. That's a quality that I admire very greatly. It keeps you from reaching out for the gun too quickly. It keeps you from destroying things too foolishly. It sort of keeps you alive.
I'll never stop dreaming that one day we can be a real family, together, all of us laughing and talking, loving and understanding, not looking at the past but only to the future.
Family always gonna be there. The material things, they come and go.
The game of basketball has been everything to me. My place of refuge, place I've always gone where I needed comfort and peace. It's been the site of intense pain and the most intense feelings of joy and satisfaction. It's a relationship that has evolved over time, given me the greatest respect and love for the game.
Probably most dying patients, even when suffering greatly, would choose to live as long as possible. That courage and grace should be protected and honored, and we should put every effort into treating their symptoms.
Reputation is the cornerstone of power. Through reputation alone you can intimidate and win; once it slips, however, you are vulnerable, and will be attacked on all sides. Make your reputation unassailable.
If there are no stupid questions, then what kind of questions do stupid people ask? Do they get smart just in time to ask questions?
Britain rightly sees herself as a global good citizen, but she must reconcile ambition with power, ends with means - shedding utopian idealism in favour of a more rugged internationalism, putting the national interest first, not last.
I'm unfinished. I'm unfixed. And the reality is that's where God meets me is in the mess of my life, in the unfixedness, in the brokenness. I thought he did the opposite, he got rid of all that stuff. But if you read the Bible, if you look at it at all, constantly he was showing up in people's lives at the worst possible time of their life.
Death is the last enemy: once we've got past that I think everything will be alright.
In the urban areas, we have focused on infrastructure roads, telecommunications, power.
The leaders who we admire who have been able to bring great change in the past - Gandhi, Martin Luther King, Nelson Mandela - they're all inspirational religious leaders and smart tacticians. It would be nice to find the Muslim Gandhi, wouldn't it?
You have to look to the future with optimism instead of negative ideas. Take the good and the bad and face it head on.
Never be afraid to trust an unknown future to a known God.
Courage is contagious. When a brave man takes a stand, the spines of others are often stiffened.
The Apology opened the opportunity for a new relationship based on mutual respect and mutual responsibility between Indigenous and non-Indigenous Australia. Because without mutual respect and mutual responsibility, the truth is we can achieve very little.
What Britain needs is an iron lady.
When President Obama entered the White House, the economy was in a free-fall. The auto industry: on its back. The banks: frozen up. More than three million Americans had already lost their jobs. And America's bravest, our men and women in uniform, were fighting what would soon be the longest wars in our history.
It would be wonderful to think that the future is unknown and sort of surprising.
As an integral part of the Department of Agriculture, the Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service monitors our Nation's agriculture to protect against agricultural pests and diseases.
A lot of people - boys - look at me differently. They think that if they date me, they are gay because they are dating another boy. In instances like this, I feel almost excluded, if that's the right word. I feel like I'm being put on a different shelf.
I'm a strong person, I'm a strong family man, I'm a strong husband and a strong father.
My father used to always say to me that, you know, if a guy goes out to steal a loaf of bread to feed his family, they'll give him 10 years, but a guy can do white-collar crime and steal the money of thousands and he'll get probation and a slap on the wrist.
You can achieve all the things you want to do, but it's much better to do it with loved ones around you; family and friends, people that you care about that can help you on the way and can celebrate you, and you can enjoy the journey.
Health care and education, in my view, are next up for fundamental software-based transformation.
I feel that its important for me to be out there and to represent the face. At the same time, for me as an individual, I think the Asian-American face can be crowded with the American identity.
The model of ownership, in a society organized round mass consumption, is addiction.
A just laicism allows religious freedom. The state does not impose religion but rather gives space to religions with a responsibility toward civil society, and therefore it allows these religions to be factors in building up society.
The preservation of health is a duty. Few seem conscious that there is such a thing as physical morality.
Whatever has happened to you in your past has no power over this present moment, because life is now.
Overnight stardom can be harmful to your mental health. Yeah. It has ruined a lot of people.
You see, that's another thing that my parents gave me: an enormously great sense of humor.
The secret of your future is hidden in your daily routine.
Death is the sanction of everything the story-teller can tell. He has borrowed his authority from death.
Knowing that you are completely forgiven destroys the power of sin in your life.
Women are the sustaining force of any society - they think of the children and the next generation's chances.
As an American, you have a right to good health care that is effective, accessible, and affordable, that serves you from infancy through old age, that allows you to go to practitioners and facilities of your choosing, and that offers a broad range of therapeutic options.
I'm trying to push for common-sense gun reform and mental illness reform so we can make sure that these individuals that have a criminal background that are mentally unstable and have a history of domestic violence are no longer able to get a gun.
Women in particular need to keep an eye on their physical and mental health, because if we're scurrying to and from appointments and errands, we don't have a lot of time to take care of ourselves. We need to do a better job of putting ourselves higher on our own 'to do' list.
I'm not doing what I do to prove what a woman is capable of. I'm not doing what I do to make Formula E more diverse. I'm doing what I do to be successful. If that's inspirational, then great.
When people get to see me interact with the creative giants, they see the perspective and the respect. A lot of times, people don't have that respect, from a music perspective, with the music people.
Nothing in life is certain except death, taxes and the second law of thermodynamics.
A woman can take care of the family. It takes a man to provide structure, to provide stability.
Therefore, don't let sinners take courage to think they will be favoured like the thief on the cross; for we see on the other side, they may be like the hardened one, and reproach death itself.
To run away from trouble is a form of cowardice and, while it is true that the suicide braves death, he does it not for some noble object but to escape some ill.
Like anything worth doing in life, happiness takes time and patience and consistency.
Life is short and we have never too much time for gladdening the hearts of those who are travelling the dark journey with us. Oh be swift to love, make haste to be kind.
I give away something up to $500 million a year throughout the world promoting Open Society. My foundations support people in the country who care about an open society. It's their work that I'm supporting. So it's not me doing it.
The bloodline of Jesus is thicker, deeper, stronger than the bloodline of race, ethnicity and family.
It's amazing how, over time, a person's perspective can be altered.
A friend in power is a friend lost.
When there's so much left to do, why spend your time focusing on things you've already done, counting trophies or telling stories about the good old days?
The right man, in the right place, at the right time, can steal millions.
In today's world, it is shortsighted to think that infectious diseases cannot cross borders. By allowing developing countries access to generic drugs, we not only help improve health in those nations, we also help ourselves control these debilitating and often deadly diseases.
I'm a people lover. I love interacting with different people as I meet them, and I think people are one of God's greatest creations, I really do. They're interesting and intriguing.
Where is the politician who has not promised to fight to the death for lower taxes- and who has not proceeded to vote for the very spending projects that make tax cuts impossible?
We do not take humor seriously enough.
Even in the valley of the shadow of death, two and two do not make six.
The stroke has given me another way to serve people. It lets me feel more deeply the pain of others; to help them know by example that ultimately, whatever happens, no harm can come. 'Death is perfectly safe,' I like to say.
The Web as I envisaged it, we have not seen it yet. The future is still so much bigger than the past.
Through humor, you can soften some of the worst blows that life delivers. And once you find laughter, no matter how painful your situation might be, you can survive it.
The rules have changed. True power is held by the person who possesses the largest bookshelf, not gun cabinet or wallet.
The right combination is between a free economy and social policy that addresses the needs of society and creates equal opportunity.
The rule of law is crucial to a civilized society - so we should go out of our way to uphold and strengthen it to the extent possible.
My father, Oliver Hynes, was an educator. He was originally just a teacher, a very good one, but then he was promoted to be in charge of education for the entire area. He was always an inspirational teacher. He was my big personal supporter, always coming here for the Tony Awards. My mother, Carmel, was a homemaker.
In the Soviet army it takes more courage to retreat than advance.
Your attitude is like a box of crayons that color your world. Constantly color your picture gray, and your picture will always be bleak. Try adding some bright colors to the picture by including humor, and your picture begins to lighten up.
Maternal health remains a staggering challenge, particularly in the developing world. Globally, a woman dies from complications in childbirth every minute.
My wife and I started dating in 11th grade.
It is humiliating to remain with our hands folded while others write history. It matters little who wins. To make a people great it is necessary to send them to battle even if you have to kick them in the pants. That is what I shall do.
God has already done everything He's going to do. The ball is now in your court. If you want success, if you want wisdom, if you want to be prosperous and healthy, you're going to have to do more than meditate and believe; you must boldly declare words of faith and victory over yourself and your family.
God does nothing except in response to believing prayer.
Why do we have 47 million people without health care? Because America has become about 'me'. What's happened to 'we' as a people? I believe in that and that resonates to most people.
A multicultural society does not reject the culture of the other but is prepared to listen, to see, to dialogue and, in the final analysis, to possibly accept the other's culture without compromising its own.
I can literally count on one and a half hands how many people in WWE treated me the same pre-Mark and post-Mark. Michelle McCool didn't change, I'm still me. There were a ton of people that found out I was dating Mark and was like, 'Oh, I better change my tune and be super nice.'
Information is power. But like all power, there are those who want to keep it for themselves.
Nixon was the most dishonest individual I have ever met in my life. He lied to his wife, his family, his friends, his colleagues in the Congress, lifetime members of his own political party, the American people and the world.
The Democratic position seems to be everything is going to be free. Free education. Free health care. Free housing. Free love. Free kittens, I don't know.
The noir hero is a knight in blood caked armor. He's dirty and he does his best to deny the fact that he's a hero the whole time.
The most glorious moments in your life are not the so-called days of success, but rather those days when out of dejection and despair you feel rise in you a challenge to life, and the promise of future accomplishments.
I am haunted by what my life would have been had I not had the courage in my early twenties to leave Pittsburgh for New York City and really commit to being a writer. Pittsburgh is both post-industrial and provincial, and the opportunities there are limited. It would have been quite easy to simply drift through life.
All I try to do is as earnestly and as acutely as I can, conceive a character and try to portray this character just honestly. If the humor is within the absurdity and the awfulness of situations, then let it be seen that way.
I'm very concerned for the future of the earth and its amazing creatures. We've got to be careful and make sure we don't foul our own nest.
My mother's father, Hobart Cromwell, was a bacteriologist with Abbott Laboratories in suburban Chicago. I never got to know him well, as he died very young, but he was always a heroic figure in our family, wise and gentle and intelligent by reputation, with the courage to fight against the McCarthyites.
Responsibility and respect of others and their religious beliefs are also part of freedom.
As algorithms push humans out of the job market, wealth and power might become concentrated in the hands of the tiny elite that owns the all-powerful algorithms, creating unprecedented social and political inequality. Alternatively, the algorithms might themselves become the owners.
The focus for me is always about health. That's why I talk about self-care rather than size or anything like that, because that's something we can all do that's relatable - this discussion of being healthy form the inside-out.
There's nothing more erotic than a clean bill of health, my friend.
Eskimo: 'If I did not know about God and sin, would I go to hell?' Priest: 'No, not if you did not know.' Eskimo: 'Then why did you tell me?'
I love the Kanye West, I respect the Kanye West, but his wife look like fat penguin. She eat too much cheeseburger and she have no moderation.
Together we can change the world, just one random act of kindness at a time.
We are all equal, rich and poor, and we need a society where the people enjoy their rights.
The unleashed power of the atom has changed everything save our modes of thinking and we thus drift toward unparalleled catastrophe.
I think that music opens portals and doorways into unknown sectors that it takes courage to leap into. I always think that there's a potential that we all have, and we can emerge, rise up to this potential, when necessary. We have to be fearless, courageous, and draw upon wisdom that we think we don't have.
No one owns life, but anyone who can pick up a frying pan owns death.
With all the things like Tinder and these different online sites that people use, 'Love Island' actually goes back to the traditional side of dating.
I was certainly not a class clown; I confused and angered a lot of people with my sense of humor.
Men are so willing to respect anything that bores them.
Joe Barbera's s always complaining that he can't get humor into cartoons anymore. Just do it. You've got your money. Why do they let the networks run their lives?
Basically, to lead without a title is to derive your power within the organisation not from your position but from your competence, effectiveness, relationships, excellence, innovation and ethics.
For me, family always comes first; I would do anything to protect them.
The invention of the printing press was one of the most important events in human history.
I think that sense of humor is important in marriage. A sense of humor gets people through marriage.
Being a person is really hard, obviously depending on your background for some people it can be much harder, but mental health and how we feel about ourselves is so key to changing the world in a positive way.
To keep the body in good health is a duty... otherwise we shall not be able to keep our mind strong and clear.
When you become an instrument in God's hands as He transfers someone from the realm of darkness into the kingdom of His Son, you make a difference in the person's eternal destiny. Not only that, but Satan also receives a devastating blow.
Back in high school, I went on dates, but I was too focused on my career. My parents were like, 'It's nice to have a boyfriend, but it's even nicer to own your house when you're 21.'
If you don't value and respect yourself, nobody else will.
I hate death; it takes people away from you. You're left feeling rudderless.
I am the family face; flesh perishes, I live on.
Humor - I see it as a survival skill.
Attitude and enthusiasm play a big part in my life. I get excited about the things that inspire me. I also believe in laughing and having a good time.
The spirit of truth and the spirit of freedom - these are the pillars of society.
We must wait for the official history of the Chinese Revolution to record in greater detail the invaluable work of our Japanese friends.
In a free society the state does not administer the affairs of men. It administers justice among men who conduct their own affairs.
If we wish to preserve a free society, it is essential that we recognize that the desirability of a particular object is not sufficient justification for the use of coercion.
Patriarchy is like the elephant in the room that we don't talk about, but how could it not affect the planet radically when it's the superstructure of human society.
Americans want jobs. They want affordable health insurance. They want an education.
Time flies when you're changing the world.
When I left school - or, rather, when I was expelled from school for hitting a kid who had disrespected a teacher - I had nothing, with nowhere to go. Where I'm from, it really means that. Now my family are millionaires. I never dreamed this would be possible.
We have tolerance, respect, and equality in our written laws but not in the hearts of some of our people.
The inability of those in power to still the voices of their own consciences is the great force leading to change.
There is no such thing as a great talent without great will power.
People think I have courage. The courage in my family are my wife Pam, my three daughters, here, Nicole, Jamie, LeeAnn, my mom, who's right here too.
It's so easy to be there when it's all sunshine, but it really takes strength and courage to be there for each other during the dark times.
I think the humor, when applied in the right amount, only serves to intensify the other emotions in a given song; it highlights them, makes them stand out.
Me and my girlfriend don't have any family in Ipswich, so we were thinking of what we could do to fill our time on Christmas Day. We thought about feeding the homeless and we phoned up the church that we eventually went to and asked if we could help.
We leave as we came and, god willing, as we shall return, with peace, and hope for all mankind.
There are too many mediocre things in life to deal with. Love shouldn't be one of them. Anything less than extraordinary is a waste of my time.
You're going to relegate my history to a month.
I've got mates who have got married through meeting on Internet dating sites, so it really can work out - even if sometimes it does go disastrously wrong.
What connects two thousand years of genocide? Too much power in too few hands.
As any successful mad scientist will tell you, energy ain't free. Popular culture tends to forget this, instead focusing on the destructive capabilities of our finely crafted death rays without noting the massive energy expenditures required to use them.
This is the first age that's ever paid much attention to the future, which is a little ironic since we may not have one.
My family isn't really all that different from anyone else's. Well, maybe they're a bit more entertaining.
I have always had the courage for the new things that life sometimes offers.
I don't really believe in rules, but I do like old-fashioned dating where you don't call the guy until he calls you. I don't think it's like he's got to do this and that's the rule.
An animal's eyes have the power to speak a great language.
Well, I mean, if a joke or humor is bawdy, it's got to be funny enough to warrant it. You can't just have it bawdy or dirty just for the sake of being that - it's got to be funny.
If you're healthy, if you don't get sick much, if you don't go to the doctor much or use your health insurance much, you are a genetic lottery winner. It has nothing to do with the way you live, nothing to do with doing the right things. It's just sheer luck, and you are gonna pay for that.
I do not live for people, for what they think, for them to say that I'm nice, good, the best, perfect. Everyone has their opinion. And I respect that.
The beauty of dystopia is that it lets us vicariously experience future worlds - but we still have the power to change our own.
History has always judged silence and complicity harshly in these times of moral consequence.
Courage is simply the willingness to be afraid and act anyway.
Society is the union of men and not the men themselves.
If I have made an appointment with you, I owe you punctuality, I have no right to throw away your time, if I do my own.
My parents always encouraged me and I had a good home life. We were always taught to respect things and other people. It's so different today, because children are just not taught the right way.
Adopt responsibility for your own well-being, try to put your family together, try to serve your community, try to seek for eternal truth... That's the sort of thing that can ground you in your life, enough so that you can withstand the difficulty of life.
Socialism has no moral justification whatsoever; poor people are not morally superior to rich people, nor are they owed anything by rich people simply because of their lack of success. Charity is not a socialist concept - it is a religious one, an acknowledgment of God's sovereignty over property, a sovereignty the Left utterly rejects.
Art is man's nature; nature is God's art.
My mother taught me that we all have the power to achieve our dreams. What I lacked was the courage.
Humor is not a sign of weakness. In fact, humor can be your greatest asset in the face of tragedy.
You've got to find a way to relate to people. I just did an improvised episode for Joe Swanberg's new Netflix show, 'Easy,' and it was a huge learning curve for me and taught me so much about fear and courage. But when you're present in the moment, the audience, it's incomparable.
Just two weeks ago, millions of Iraqis defied the threats of terrorists and went to the polls to determine their own future. I congratulate the Iraqi people for the courage they've shown in making these elections so successful.
If there is a God, whence proceed so many evils? If there is no God, whence cometh any good?
Leadership is about vision and responsibility, not power.
In the morning, I'm like the Antonioni movies. I'm little sad. I haven't the courage to start the day. In the evenings, I'm happier, more alive - like the character I play in 'An Almost Perfect Affair.'
Neither current events nor history show that the majority rule, or ever did rule.
Believers, look up - take courage. The angels are nearer than you think.
Growing up, my dad was 'get a real job, don't go pursuing your dreams, that's how you become homeless.' So, do I pick my family or do I pick my own happiness, and how much does my own happiness depend on my family?
We worship an awesome God in the Blue States, and we don't like federal agents poking around our libraries in the Red States. We coach Little League in the Blue States and have gay friends in the Red States.
A lot of people ask me, 'How did you have the courage to walk up to record labels when you were 12 or 13 and jump right into the music industry?' It's because I knew I could never feel the kind of rejection that I felt in middle school. Because in the music industry, if they're gonna say no to you, at least they're gonna be polite about it.
History will point out some of the things I did wrong and some of the things I did right.
The power of love is a strong thing.
My father was a carpenter, a very good carpenter. He also worked for the Jones boys. They were not family members, we weren't related at all. They started the policy racket in Chicago, and they had the five and dime store.
Transparency, honesty, kindness, good stewardship, even humor, work in businesses at all times.
Each day is a little life: every waking and rising a little birth, every fresh morning a little youth, every going to rest and sleep a little death.
I mean, I'm married to an academic oncologist, a cancer doctor, okay? He and his colleagues are some of the most conscientious, devoted, hard-working, conventional bourgeois people in the known universe. They are the people that keep this society going.
For me, I've learned if I want a very stable, normal relationship, where I'll be like, 'Okay, this is nice, I know what's going to happen in a month,' it's probably better to date outside the industry. But you can't help who you fall for. It's our dating pool.
Someone is sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago.
Keep God first, chase your dreams, and everything will pay off.
Shaking hands is meant as a sign of respect towards your opponent.
If I could talk to my younger self, I would just say that the path to great things is filled with a lot of stumbles, suffering, and challenges along the way. But if you have the right attitude and know that hard times will pass - and you get up each time - you will reach your destination.
It's hard for me to talk about a legacy or a mystique. It's my family. The fact that there have been difficulties and hardships, or obstacles, makes us closer.
All of us have moments in our lives that test our courage. Taking children into a house with a white carpet is one of them.
I've been present at birth, and death is just as present and in equal balance. And I've been present at death, and birth is just as present, again in equal balance.
The older I get, the greater power I seem to have to help the world; I am like a snowball - the further I am rolled the more I gain.
I am blessed to have married the man that God sent me. He's loving, compassionate, strong and supportive of my children, family and career. I look forward to our lives together.
I just like playing interesting, complex, complicated characters. I like films that also have an element of humor.
Smallpox was the worst disease in history. It killed more people than all the wars in history.
Humor is laughing at what you haven't got when you ought to have it.
Dating someone on the opposite end of the happy spectrum teaches you an incredible amount of patience.
I don't really dissect comedy. Nothing kills off humor more than overanalyzing it.
We cannot turn the clock back nor can we undo the harm caused, but we have the power to determine the future and to ensure that what happened never happens again.
When I was in high school, the genders were so separate from each other. If you weren't 'dating' somebody, you couldn't just be friends with somebody.
It's time to put our differences aside and find ways to work together to move Wisconsin forward.
When you go through hell, your own personal hell, and you have lost - loss of fame, loss of money, loss of career, loss of family, loss of love, loss of your own identity that I experienced in my own life - and you've been able to face the demons that have haunted you... I appreciate everything that I have.
I think leadership is service and there is power in that giving: to help people, to inspire and motivate them to reach their fullest potential.
Never forget when posting something on Instagram that it lasts forever. Instagram is embarrassing enough as is, so be careful. A post might not embarrass you in this moment, but it's likely to in the future. So don't only think about yourself; think about your future self.
Owners of dogs will have noticed that, if you provide them with food and water and shelter and affection, they will think you are God. Whereas owners of cats are compelled to realize that, if you provide them with food and water and affection, they draw the conclusion that they are God.
History and social sciences were my interests. I was always interested in knowing how societies get organized, why there is rich and poor divide, why there are classes. I was never apolitical. I think we are all political in a way. Politics decides our day-to-day life.
My friends and the people I know understand that I'm going to ask them what they're doing, how they're dating, who they're dating, where they're going and what they're doing. I'm constantly asking those questions and making sure I'm in touch with the customer.
I'll never, ever be full. I'll always be hungry. Obviously, I'm not talking about food. Growing up, I had nothing for such a long time. Someone told me a long time ago, and I've never forgotten it, 'Once you've ever been hungry, really, really hungry, then you'll never, ever be full.'
When your soul is resting, your emotions are okay, your mind is okay, and your will is at peace with God, not resisting what He's doing.
I have three favorite politicians: Reagan, Truman, and Bobby Kennedy - Bobby for showing remarkable political courage despite being loathed by many on both sides.
There is no cure for birth and death save to enjoy the interval.
'The time has come,' the walrus said, 'to talk of many things: of shoes and ships - and sealing wax - of cabbages and kings.'
When you give everyone a voice and give people power, the system usually ends up in a really good place. So, what we view our role as, is giving people that power.
Soil is a living ecosystem, and is a farmer's most precious asset. A farmer's productive capacity is directly related to the health of his or her soil.
I think that life is difficult. People have challenges. Family members get sick, people get older, you don't always get the job or the promotion that you want. You have conflicts in your life. And really, life is about your resilience and your ability to go through your life and all of the ups and downs with a positive attitude.
I like a very dry wit, not the big kind of humor like Robin Williams. I don't think I'm capable of that.
Yet, taught by time, my heart has learned to glow for other's good, and melt at other's woe.
The qualities of an exceptional cook are akin to those of a successful tightrope walker: an abiding passion for the task, courage to go out on a limb and an impeccable sense of balance.
I'm a King. Regardless of what I've been through and what I've done, I present myself as a King. And I get that respect from people, from everybody I deal with. I worked my whole life to establish that respect and make sure I get that respect.
I wouldn't attach too much importance to these student riots. I remember when I was a student at the Sorbonne in Paris, I used to go out and riot occasionally.
When you take a flower in your hand and really look at it, it's your world for the moment. I want to give that world to someone else. Most people in the city rush around so, they have no time to look at a flower. I want them to see it whether they want to or not.
Anyone who can do the splits and come back up on the backbeat, as James Brown and Prince can, has my eternal respect. Prince, who is a genius of the highest order, can come back up while singing and playing the guitar.
My philosophy in life... is to prove myself to myself and not to others. I tried to teach my children that, that I have to respect myself, to prove to myself that I can do the best I can.
Being able to save, make non-cash payments, send or receive remittances, get credit, or get insurance can be instrumental in raising living standards and helping businesses prosper. It helps people to invest more in education or health care.
I wish I could freeze time or go back in time and watch my kids grow up all over again because it is just going by too fast.
Reason is God's crowning gift to man.
But I don't want to be out there anymore; I don't want people asking me about my health issues, about my kids. I choose not to be a public paparazzi girl on purpose.
Every day I wake up and I lay in bed counting my blessings and saying my prayers for how fortunate I am to have great fans and health and family.
If you die you're completely happy and your soul somewhere lives on. I'm not afraid of dying. Total peace after death, becoming someone else is the best hope I've got.
Freud was the son of a Jewish merchant who had to move his whole family to Vienna because he couldn't get work. He, as a boy, had to watch his father be mocked and abused on the street for being Jewish... You develop a thick skin and you develop a certain kind of wit to defend yourself.
As for courage and will - we cannot measure how much of each lies within us, we can only trust there will be sufficient to carry through trials which may lie ahead.
Solidarity was the movement that turned the direction of history, I think.
Without education, we are weaker economically. Without economic power, we are weaker in terms of national security. No great military power has ever remained so without great economic power.
The best way to predict the future is to change it.
Epigenetics doesn't change the genetic code, it changes how that's read. Perfectly normal genes can result in cancer or death. Vice-versa, in the right environment, mutant genes won't be expressed. Genes are equivalent to blueprints; epigenetics is the contractor. They change the assembly, the structure.
Other states are trying to abolish the death penalty... mine's putting in an express lane.
Political power grows out of the barrel of a gun.
I just want to be successful. I'm not going to sit here and be like, 'I want to win a Grammy' or whatever; if that comes, that's awesome. But I just want to be successful and provide for my whole family and get my family out the hood.
Any form of art is a form of power; it has impact, it can affect change - it can not only move us, it makes us move.
None of us can claim to be fair and square in love - and I'm definitely not a hypocrite! Humans are built to evolve with time. It depends on the nature of the relationship you share with a person. It is there today, tomorrow it may be gone; c'est la vie.
I love coming back home and seeing old friends and family. I would say it keeps me grounded.
No one knows what the future holds, except the One Who holds the future!
Where you come from now is much less important than where you're going. More and more of us are rooted in the future or the present tense as much as in the past. And home, we know, is not just the place where you happen to be born. It's the place where you become yourself.
As soon as man enters into a state of society he loses the sense of his weakness; equality ceases, and then commences the state of war.
Even if I knew that tomorrow the world would go to pieces, I would still plant my apple tree.
Educating girls and women and equipping them with ICT skills offers a clear return on investment for society: stronger families, stronger communities, stronger economies.
I wanted to write a book about what it's like to be 50 and trying to reinvent yourself - that struggle. There are all these books and inspirational speakers talking about being a lifelong learner, and it's so great to reinvent yourself, the brand of you. And I wanted to say, you know, it's not like that. It's actually really painful.
If a man does not keep pace with his companions, perhaps it is because he hears a different drummer. Let him step to the music which he hears, however measured or far away.
Education, therefore, is a process of living and not a preparation for future living.
There shouldn't be a barrier between rich and poor in terms of the kind of health care that they can access.
Respect for the rights of others means peace.
All of us grow up in particular realities - a home, family, a clan, a small town, a neighborhood. Depending upon how we're brought up, we are either deeply aware of the particular reading of reality into which we are born, or we are peripherally aware of it.
I can see clearly now... that I was wrong in not acting more decisively and more forthrightly in dealing with Watergate.
I used to sing as a kid, but it was quite squeaky. I think I was about 19 or 20, and we used to go to these jam sessions and open mics. I just got the courage to sing one day. I don't think anyone expected it to sound like that.
Authority must be respected and chosen wisely.
Even though I grew up and I didn't always like getting dragged to the meetings or the rallies or the speeches, I developed a very strong respect for participating in a democratic process.
Even though people may be well known, they hold in their hearts the emotions of a simple person for the moments that are the most important of those we know on earth: birth, marriage and death.
The artist must be in his work as God is in creation, invisible and all-powerful; one must sense him everywhere but never see him.
Courage is what preserves our liberty, safety, life, and our homes and parents, our country and children. Courage comprises all things.
Economic progress, in capitalist society, means turmoil.
Someone has to die in order that the rest of us should value life more.
I would say that awards are for children. Because children need a tangible representation of their achievement. And as adults, you have to settle for the respect and admiration of your peers.
We are involved in youth testing internationally. We want to try to prove without a shadow of a doubt the relationship between physical fitness and health, not just physical fitness and ability to perform.
The fact that we have 7 days of the week can be traced to the Babylonian and Jewish civilisations, with the first documented reference dating to 600BC.
You keep the faith, and with God, all things are possible.
I shocked my parents with a lot of things, whether it was becoming an actor or when I was dating someone outside the Egyptian community or when I moved away from home before getting married.
Everybody knows now that Marie Lightfoot, the true crime writer, is dating Franklin DeWeese, the state attorney of Howard County, Florida. They know I'm a white woman; they know he's a black man. That's not news anymore.
The future is hidden by a dark impenetrable veil, and yet we struggle to pierce through it.
I believe I have a personal responsibility to make a positive impact on society.
The biggest difference between England and America is that England has history, while America has geography.
No fundamental social change occurs merely because government acts. It's because civil society, the conscience of a country, begins to rise up and demand - demand - demand change.
My biggest fear is death because I don't think I'm going anywhere. And since I don't think that, and I don't have a belief... I'm married to someone who has the belief, so she knows she's going somewhere.
My original inspiration was my mom: a few years after the death of my dad, she started dating one my teachers!
It's a journalist's job to be a witness to history. We're not there to worry about ourselves. We're there to try and get as near as we can, in an imperfect world, to the truth and get the truth out.
Honoring the priesthood fosters respect, respect promotes reverence, and reverence invites revelation.
My mother taught me a lot about respect for all living things - for plants and animals. I am a vegetarian. I was brought up that way.
Society is a republic. When an individual tries to lift themselves above others, they are dragged down by the mass, either by ridicule or slander.
It's amazing how many companies aren't really in tune to the needs of different travelers. There's just so many embarrassing situations that you go through when you travel. You have to have a sense of humor about it and take it in stride. My whole approach is to embrace spontaneity.
I love dry British humor. I love to sketch in my off time. I love tequila.
There is power in unity. There is power in strength.
The one thing I have never been afraid of is standing before important people and speaking my mind. I represent women who may never have the opportunity to go to the UN or meet with a president. I'm never afraid to speak truth to power.
Why should we honour those that die upon the field of battle? A man may show as reckless a courage in entering into the abyss of himself.
You live with the fear people might find out. Then you actually have the courage to tell people and they go, I don't think you are gay. It's enough to drive you crazy.
If our hearts are ready for anything, we can open to our inevitable losses, and to the depths of our sorrow. We can grieve our lost loves, our lost youth, our lost health, our lost capacities. This is part of our humanness, part of the expression of our love for life.
A good life depends on the strength of our relationships with family, friends, neighbours, colleagues and strangers.
In my career, there's many things I've won and many things I've achieved, but for me, my greatest achievement is my children and my family. It's about being a good father, a good husband, just being connected to family as much as possible.
What must it be like for a little boy to read that daddy never loved mummy?
As I suffer in the defence of my Country, I must consider this hour as the most glorious of my life -Remember that I die as becomes a British Officer, while the manner of my death must reflect disgrace on your Commander.
If my future were determined just by my performance on a standardized test, I wouldn't be here. I guarantee you that.
Music has the power to make me feel good like nothing else does. It gives me some peace for a while. Takes me back to who I really am.
I think what I would say to my younger self, and probably to younger, just starting-out writers is that a lot of times you're just afraid to put yourself out there, and it's uncomfortable because it's working up the courage to do something, to push yourself to do those things.
Analyzing humor is like dissecting a frog. Few people are interested and the frog dies of it.
The safest course is to do nothing against one's conscience. With this secret, we can enjoy life and have no fear from death.
My family are everything to me. They come first in everything I do.
One of the big questions in the climate change debate: Are humans any smarter than frogs in a pot? If you put a frog in a pot and slowly turn up the heat, it won't jump out. Instead, it will enjoy the nice warm bath until it is cooked to death. We humans seem to be doing pretty much the same thing.
Powerful people cannot afford to educate the people that they oppress, because once you are truly educated, you will not ask for power. You will take it.
If we bring not the good courage of minds covetous of truth, and truth only, prepared to hear all things, and decide upon all things, according to evidence, we should do more wisely to sit down contented in ignorance, than to bestir ourselves only to reap disappointment.
I am a family man. The only difference between me and others is that while they work in corporate offices, I am an actor. I, too, like to go back home after work. I don't mind stopping to pick up groceries.
The bourgeoisie might blast and ruin its own world before it leaves the stage of history.
I was a peripheral visionary. I could see the future, but only way off to the side.
Diabetes can be successfully prevented and managed by a healthy lifestyle. When not managed, it can lead to severe organ damage and death.
I had a spine problem. I did a lot of stunts and fights in Hindi cinema, had falls from horses... all that took a toll on my health.
There is no such thing as death; life is only a dream, and we are the imagination of ourselves.
Maybe we've been brainwashed by 130 years of Yankee history, but Southern identity now has more to do with food, accents, manners, music than the Confederate past. It's something that's open to both races, a variety of ethnic groups and people who move here.
Thieves respect property. They merely wish the property to become their property that they may more perfectly respect it.
Remember our proud history of social justice, universal health care, public pensions and making sure no one is left behind. Let's continue to move forward.
Life is a banquet, and most poor suckers are starving to death.
Every single person has the power to change the world and help people.
Good-looking individuals are treated better than homely ones in virtually every social situation, from dating to trial by jury.
If you're not paying for it through the health plan, you pay for it in the emergency room.
We've turned into a whining society.
After I had gone through this matter with the President I told him of my condition of health and that my doctors felt that I must take a complete rest and that I thought that that meant leaving the Department finally in a short time.
Never doubt that you can change history. You already have.
Power can be taken, but not given. The process of the taking is empowerment in itself.
Death is the golden key that opens the palace of eternity.
I really hope my peers appreciate and respect what I'm doing.
I love practical jokes and humor. That there's frankly no joke that I don't think is funny. I love practical jokes, but I don't like being scared.
The death penalty issue is obviously a divisive one. But whether one is for or against, you can not deny the basic illogic - if we know the system is flawed, if we know there are innocent people on Death Row, then until the system is reformed, should we not abandon the death penalty to protect those who are innocent?
I spend a lot of time in the future, But to help the future, sometimes you got to go back to the past, and sometimes you got to stay in the present.
My attitude about death is, going into the next room, and it's a room that the rest of us can't get into because we don't have the key. But when we do get the key, we'll go in there, and we'll see one another again, in some shape or form or whatever. It's not the end.
Up until now, the biggest question in society about video games has been what to do about violent games. But it's almost like society in general considers video games to be something of a nuisance, that they want to toss into the garbage can.
There is something good in all seeming failures. You are not to see that now. Time will reveal it. Be patient.
To give aid to every poor man is far beyond the reach and power of every man. Care of the poor is incumbent on society as a whole.
I want to make history and just show people that if you have determination and if you want to work hard enough and want something, you can make it happen.
If we lose love and self respect for each other, this is how we finally die.
Time flies over us, but leaves its shadow behind.
For people like me, who appreciate the love and respect you get from the fans in Japan, there was no reason for me to turn my head to the other side and go try my options and luck in the UFC.
The things I do, I do from the heart and out of love and respect for our planet and all living things. And I draw my courage from my love for justice and truth, and I calm my fears by comforting those who are more scared than me. And I try to do my best to make the world a better place, one small action at a time, as good as I can.
Of course, the most important factor of all for long life is a good family. When a person goes home with the wife or the kids giving him endless headaches, then it's hard for that person to enjoy a long life. I am very fortunate, because my wife Elizabeth and my obedient children are very good; they have given me happiness.
All of this got me thinking about the history of the westward expansion, and got me to wondering how the exploration of the Solar System would be changed if there were an indigenous presence out there.
I live for the moment - not the future, not the past.
Women should not be forced to accept sexual harassment as the price of admission to a life and career in the political world. They should not have to endure unwanted touching, innuendo, and propositioning from men in positions of power.
Reducing health care costs for families requires increased competition in health insurance.
If you get up in the morning and think the future is going to be better, it is a bright day. Otherwise, it's not.
Honestly, my dating life according to the tabloids is very exciting, and the most hilarious thing is that it's nowhere near as exciting as the tabloids have ever made it out to be.
Every single dollar spent lobbying a legislator on behalf of oil and gas is a toxic dollar that undermines public health and safety laws that protect Americans. That's contamination of the political system.
Courage is a kind of salvation.
One of the most obvious ways dogs can improve our physical and mental health is via daily walks.
Hearing nuns' confessions is like being stoned to death with popcorn.
I don't want to be a grumpy old man or too pessimistic, because if I have a chance, I would prefer to watch a film in the cinema with an audience on a big screen instead of watching it on a cell phone. It's a very different experience, but somehow I think this form will have its own future and life.
What gives me the most hope every day is God's grace; knowing that his grace is going to give me the strength for whatever I face, knowing that nothing is a surprise to God.
I've been into exercise my whole life, been a runner and been into health and fitness always.
We have outstanding schools, world-class teaching and inspirational leadership across the country.
The 'Course in Miracles' says one day you will realize that death is not the punishment but the reward. And it says that birth is not the beginning of life but a continuation. And physical death is not the end of life but a continuation.
Our national motto is 'In God we Trust,' reminding us that faith in our Creator is the most important American value of all.
Death is important for a couple reasons. The first is that death creates scarcity in our life, which therefore gives our decisions meaning and value. From a practical point of view, it therefore makes sense that we keep our own deaths in mind when deciding how to use our time.
There is a very intense culture of secrecy in Britain that hasn't yet been dismantled. What passes for transparency here would serve any secret society well.
Concentrated power is not rendered harmless by the good intentions of those who create it.
One death is a tragedy, and a million deaths are a statistic.
He who learns must suffer. And even in our sleep pain that cannot forget falls drop by drop upon the heart, and in our own despair, against our will, comes wisdom to us by the awful grace of God.
Time is the wisest counselor of all.
There have been hours in my unhappy life, many of them, when the contemplation of death as the end of earthly sorrow - of the grave as a resting place for the tired and worn out body - has been pleasant to dwell upon.
I was bullied. I was a bit of a geek. Good-looking guys were off-limits. I didn't start dating until I was 18.
I have a best friend as a husband, and he is my number one supporter. He's a family man, and he's always giving back to God. That is what makes him a beautiful man. We're not perfect by any means, but that makes us beautiful as well. We're not afraid to say we're not perfect. We have our disagreements, but that comes along with marriage.
We need money. We need hits. Hits bring money, money bring power, power bring fame, fame change the game.
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.
Dad was diagnosed with lung cancer when I was a lad. From then on, he lived in fear that death was just around the corner, and he set about programming me to work hard and bring in some cash.
Fear keeps us focused on the past or worried about the future. If we can acknowledge our fear, we can realize that right now we are okay. Right now, today, we are still alive, and our bodies are working marvelously. Our eyes can still see the beautiful sky. Our ears can still hear the voices of our loved ones.
If a person is homosexual by nature - that is, if one's sexuality is as intrinsic a part of one's identity as gender or skin color - then society can no more deny a gay person access to the secular rights and religious sacraments because of his homosexuality than it can reinstate Jim Crow.
I love spending time with my family and friends during the holidays, and my favorite holiday tradition would be the pozole that my mom makes almost every Christmas. It's the best!
While the World Bank is an inter-governmental institution, drawing its funds from member governments and run by a board of directors nominated by member governments, its policies have increasingly become sensitive to civil society pressure and NGO agendas.
Choose your friends with caution; plan your future with purpose, and frame your life with faith.
I have nothing to ask for, thanks to God. Everything I have, God has given me.
Do not waste your time on Social Questions. What is the matter with the poor is Poverty; what is the matter with the rich is Uselessness.
I love holidays. It's such a wonderful time for the whole family to be together and not have to worry about schedules and that kind of thing.
It takes a lot of courage to face up to things you can't do because we feed ourselves so much denial.
If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you'll never get it done.
Gojira is my favorite band of all time; they're lovely, I've seen them live two times. I also love Mastodon and the Refused as well.
I think that we all have to have that rite of passage of dating the tortured artist who seems cooler than we think we are; we aspire to be like them, and we're excited that somebody is turning us on to new music or a new lifestyle.
Healthy children will not fear life if their elders have integrity enough not to fear death.
I read a lot of history. The passive Jews in Germany didn't survive. The smart ones got out.
In a closed society where everybody's guilty, the only crime is getting caught. In a world of thieves, the only final sin is stupidity.
In conversation, humor is worth more than wit and easiness more than knowledge.
What we have done for ourselves alone dies with us; what we have done for others and the world remains and is immortal.
If we did all the things we are capable of, we would literally astound ourselves.
More than once in the history of Whole Foods Market, the company was unable to collectively evolve until I myself was able to evolve - in other words, I was holding the company back. My personal growth enabled the company to evolve.
My father once said, 'If you're in the desert and you're dying of thirst, are you going to drink a glass of blood or are you going to drink a glass of water?' I think what he was trying to say, interesting coming from my blood father, is sometimes there are people in your family that can be toxic.
I'm far from being god, but I work god damn hard.
Courage, sacrifice, determination, commitment, toughness, heart, talent, guts. That's what little girls are made of.
A very sad moment for me was when my parents separated - a lot of crying, 'It's tragic, we're now a broken family, blah blah blah blah blah' - although my psychological problems stopped. I actually felt healthier.
I think there's a growing courage among the younger generation of American writers. Because of the more superficial treatment of characters taking place in cinema, they have had to deal with that by digging deeper into who these people are.
You can defeat fear through humor, through pain, through honesty, bravery, intuition, and through love in the truest sense.
The great thing about 'Weeds' is that everything we do is never quite serious enough to be taken seriously. It always has humor behind it, and it think it makes it definitely more fun for the audience.
Your determination, selflessness and courage have brought the freedom struggle towards its fulfilment.
The pen and the written word hold a great deal of power.
Giving money and power to government is like giving whiskey and car keys to teenage boys.
I don't have the strength or wisdom to get through a single day without guidance and grace from God.
I just wanted to be able to say that I raised my kids and my family around a better environment than I was brought up in.
For the creation of a masterwork of literature two powers must concur, the power of the man and the power of the moment, and the man is not enough without the moment.
I make sure that I spend quality time with my family.
Elizabeth Warren has very good proposals regarding Wall Street, but she really has not been leading the charge for single-payer health care... and is pretty much a war hawk in alignment with Hillary Clinton.
A wise man should consider that health is the greatest of human blessings, and learn how by his own thought to derive benefit from his illnesses.
Once a date asked me what I do, so I said that my company empowers women in their dating lives. Her response? 'Aw, that's so cute!' Cute is how my babysitter described me when I was 7 years old. Simple fix: Replace cute with hot and he'll feel like James Bond.
A lot of legends, a lot of people, have come before me. But this is my time.
Gautham was a premature baby. I remember when doctors said that his health condition was critical, I was tense. I could afford the treatment, but a lot of commoners can't. I believe more children's lives can be saved if we work towards it.
The sole equality on earth is death.
Catania was a real learning curve. I grew amid difficulties. In terms of courage and ideas, a lot about my Atleti comes from Italy.
In a girl I look for honesty above all, someone who I can carry on a conversation with, someone who has a good sense of humor, someone who's true to herself, and to top it, someone who can get ready for a date in less than ten minutes.
This is our history - from the Transcontinental Railroad to the Hoover Dam, to the dredging of our ports and building of our most historic bridges - our American ancestors prioritized growth and investment in our nation's infrastructure.
Kindness is really important to me in finding my own prince - so are patience and a sense of humor. Without those qualities he's no Prince Charming!
Remarkable contributions are typically spawned by a passionate commitment to transcendent values such as beauty, truth, wisdom, justice, charity, fidelity, joy, courage and honor.
You always have to remember - no matter what you're told - that God loves all the flowers, even the wild ones that grow on the side of the highway.
It's an incredible privilege to be the England manager, but when you sit and think about the people who have got to this point before, people I hugely respect and admire... it's difficult to put it into perspective, really.
I'll speak for myself, but there's a lot of humor to be found in sarcasm and darkness. You talk to any paramedic, they survive by developing a pretty off-kilter sense of humor.
I live quietly at home among my family and friends.
We can only learn to know ourselves and do what we can - namely, surrender our will and fulfill God's will in us.
You can do anything if you set your mind to it. Look out for kids, help them dream and be inspired. We teach calculus in schools, but I believe the most important formula is courage plus dreams equals success.
Valor is stability, not of legs and arms, but of courage and the soul.
Time is the scarcity, and it's the commodity we can't create any more of.
As a society, we devalued farming as an occupation and encouraged the best students to leave the farm for 'better' jobs in the city. We emptied America's rural counties in order to supply workers to urban factories.
The worst thing about Halloween is, of course, candy corn. It's unbelievable to me. Candy corn is the only candy in the history of America that's never been advertised. And there's a reason. All of the candy corn that was ever made was made in 1911. And so, since nobody eats that stuff, every year there's a ton of it left over.
My hobbies include maintaining my physical and mental health. It's a full-time job. Yoga definitely helps for both of them. I'm a big fan of relaxing and not having a schedule. That's my best way to keep from going crazy.
It's up to God to do the judging. You haven't walked in my boots, so how are you going to judge me?
I think people respond to dystopian stories because they're ways of acting out anxieties that we have and fears that we have about the future. So much media's coming at you over the Internet, your brain gets overloaded. You don't know what to do with it. And one thing you can do with it is read a story.
I'm in love with love and totally believe in marriage, but that's not even on my radar right now. I am not putting energy into dating.
Our characters act silly, even totally ridiculous at times, and most of our jokes don't come out of pop cultural references. It seems like we're aiming at a child audience, but everyone can laugh at the basic human traits that are funny. It's playful, the humor is playful, the world is playful. You can kind of let go.
I mean, whatever kills you kills you, and your death is authentic no matter how you die.
My own view is that being a vegetarian or vegan is not an end in itself, but a means towards reducing both human and animal suffering and leaving a habitable planet to future generations.
Death is caused by swallowing small amounts of saliva over a long period of time.
Respect yourself if you would have others respect you.
I've been encouraging documentary filmmakers to use more and more humor, and they're loath to do that because they think if it's a documentary it has to be deadly serious - it has to be like medicine that you're supposed to take. And I think it's what keeps the mass audience from going to documentaries.
I want someone who can keep me on my toes, has a good sense of humor and a good heart.
Political correctness? In my humor, I never talk about politics. I was never much into all that.
The words of a dead man are modified in the guts of the living.
In India we only read about death, sickness, terrorism, crime.
The way you remember the past depends upon your hope for the future. And if what you see in your future has no hope, it has no potential, then you view the past that brought you to here as not very good.
Productive achievement is a consequence and an expression of health and self-esteem, not its cause.
My interest is in the future because I am going to spend the rest of my life there.
The left dismisses talk about the collapse of family life and talks instead about the emergence of the growing new diversity of family types.
I can respect different opinions, because everybody has a story.
Thought is the wind, knowledge the sail, and mankind the vessel.
The status quo will not stand, because we believe in a very different New Mexico. Together we will find the courage to create the promise of tomorrow for our children and their children.
True courage is like a kite; a contrary wind raises it higher.
It matters enormously to a successful democratic society like ours that we have three branches of government, each with some independence and some control over the other two. That's set out in the Constitution.
I think my mother... made it clear that you have to live life by your own terms and you have to not worry about what other people think and you have to have the courage to do the unexpected.
America is made of different races and different religions, but we're all co-travelers on the spaceship Earth and must respect and help each other along the way.
Every great work of art has two faces, one toward its own time and one toward the future, toward eternity.
We may not always agree with every one of our neighbors. That's life. And it's part of living in such a diverse and dense city. But we also recognize that part of being a New Yorker is living with your neighbors in mutual respect and tolerance. It was exactly that spirit of openness and acceptance that was attacked on 9/11, 2001.
I've always had such a high level of respect for Taylor Swift because she writes all of her music.
My plat de resistance is potato salad with garlic and olive oil which we press from the olives from my trees in the grounds of my home near St Remy de Provence. I have four hectares and take the olives down to the local community press at Maussane les Alpilles. I don't produce big quantities; it is just for the family and friends.
Dad's cancer experience included periods of relatively good health as well as bouts of hospitalisation as he coursed his way through a variety of different chemotherapy treatments.
It's ironic, really. Guys should be excited that I got Kristen Bell. If Brad Pitt gets Kristen Bell, it's like, 'Well, of course he did.' With me, it should be, 'Oh good, a normal-looking guy got her. Maybe I'll get me a Kristen Bell.' But guys hate my guts for always dating women I have no right to be with.
All successful people men and women are big dreamers. They imagine what their future could be, ideal in every respect, and then they work every day toward their distant vision, that goal or purpose.
Australia is a phenomenally beautiful country, and every time I go away and come back, it never ceases to amaze me.
Let us realize that: the privilege to work is a gift, the power to work is a blessing, the love of work is success!
Of course, Marxism is an example of what Carl Popper would have called a 'World Three' structure, in that it's got immense power as an idea, but you couldn't actually hold up anything in the world and say: 'this is Marxism'.
The history of the world is the world's court of justice.
I love being a single mom. But it's definitely different when you're dating.
God moves in a mysterious way, His wonders to perform. He plants his footsteps in the sea, and rides upon the storm.
American history is longer, larger, more various, more beautiful, and more terrible than anything anyone has ever said about it.
Nothing is better than going home to family and eating good food and relaxing.
I always felt most at home on a basketball court, dating all the way back to when I was growing up in Brooklyn.
We want to be brothers and sisters. We want respect and equality. Simon Bolivar, our father, said a balanced world - a universe - a balanced universe in order to have peace and development.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
Sometimes history repeats itself. And sometimes it doesn't.
Revolutions are the locomotives of history.
When all the world is overcharged with inhabitants, then the last remedy of all is war, which provideth for every man, by victory or death.
Nuclear power is here to stay, and we need to support a strong domestic uranium industry.
I don't have hard numbers about this, but the impression I get is that the amount of eyeballs you get from being on the humor shelf at Barnes & Noble - it is almost insignificant.
If we look to the history of other nations, ancient or modern, we find no example of a growth so rapid, so gigantic, of a people so prosperous and happy.
I don't believe in life after death. But I do believe in some grinding destiny that watches over us on earth. If I didn't, the safety valve would give and the boiler would explode.
I was born into the most remarkable and eccentric family I could possibly have hoped for.
If you're happy, if you're feeling good, then nothing else matters.
In every battle there comes a time when both sides consider themselves beaten, then he who continues the attack wins.
Elizabeth Keckley was a woman of remarkable strength, courage, perseverance, and dignity. She was exceptionally talented, but also very diligent and ambitious, and together those qualities enabled her to deliver herself from slavery and become a successful businesswoman.
I'm so glad that we have had so many consequential rallies and parades which have now educated people and made them stand up for the third gender and give them the absolute place in our society that they deserve. There should have never been a division in the first place, though.
I love actors that are brave, that are courageous. And courage to me is not the absence of fear, it's the presence of fear, and they go to places that really scare them, because as an audience, that's where you feel danger.
Nothing that is God's is obtainable by money.
As a native of Parsons, Kansas, a small town near the Oklahoma border, I have a deep respect for tribal nations in Oklahoma. But this federal spending in Oklahoma is outrageous. And excessive subsidies have made the state a playground for Lifeline fraud.
Here's the funny thing about the response I've been aware of to my dating famous people: It's been very negative. I'm either not good-looking enough, not a good enough actor or not successful enough for these people.
Honesty is of God and dishonesty of the devil; the devil was a liar from the beginning.
Nature surrounds us, from parks and backyards to streets and alleyways. Next time you go out for a walk, tread gently and remember that we are both inhabitants and stewards of nature in our neighbourhoods.
It takes courage for a leader to identify and confront self-imposed barriers, to put in place the personal strategies required to unleash the energy, innovation, and commitment to self-development.
True success will come when you have the courage to be yourself.
I cleaned up my act, and I made this rap thing work for me. I thought people would respect me for that. But instead, it's, 'Oh, he's sold all these records, and now he thinks he's all that.'
My religion is based on truth and non-violence. Truth is my God. Non-violence is the means of realising Him.
Sometimes even to live is an act of courage.
Humor is perhaps a sense of intellectual perspective: an awareness that some things are really important, others not; and that the two kinds are most oddly jumbled in everyday affairs.
The hallmark of a healthy society has always been measured by how it cares for the disadvantaged.
I'm quite sensitive to women. I saw how my sister got treated by boyfriends. I read this thing that said when you are in a relationship with a woman, imagine how you would feel if you were her father. That's been my approach, for the most part.
I think Dutch people are very sober. I don't know if it's the right word. Like, you have the most famous person walk by some Dutch people, and they're like, 'Oh, hello.' And they maybe take a photo, but most of the time, they'll respect you and leave you alone. And if you go to some other countries they will literally mob you, go crazy.
There's a hysterical, tired sense of humor that comes after working 14 hours a day, six days a week. I like those things because they take the pressure off the constant stress.
A child's mental health is just as important as their physical health and deserves the same quality of support.
Writing genetic code like we do software will usher in a completely new way of living for all of us. When this happens, our society will be as fundamentally changed as we have seen from the invention of computers.
I think feminists are unaware of the tremendous extent of the role of women in history.
Information flow is what the Internet is about. Information sharing is power. If you don't share your ideas, smart people can't do anything about them, and you'll remain anonymous and powerless.
The nature of God is a circle of which the center is everywhere and the circumference is nowhere.
We have our own history, our own language, our own culture. But our destiny is also tied up with the destinies of other people - history has made us all South Africans.
I, poor creature, worn out with scribbling for my bread and my liberty, low in spirits and weak in health, must leave others to wear the laurels which I have sown, others to eat the bread which I have earned. A common case.
It is a paradox of the acquisitive society in which we now live that although private morals are regulated by law, the entrepreneur is allowed considerable freedom to use - and abuse - the public in order to make money.
But at my back I always hear Time's winged chariot hurrying near.
We can build a much brighter future where humans are relieved of menial work using AI capabilities.
But I'm a daughter of the American revolution, my grandpa fought in World War II, I have lots of family members who were in the military, and it really just was part of growing up for me.
And Barack and I were raised with so many of the same values, like you work hard for what you want in life. That your word is your bond; that you do what you say you're going to do. That you treat people with dignity and respect, even if you don't know them and even if you don't agree with them.
What appeared to the earlier physicists to be the constant quantity of heat is nothing more than the whole motive power of the motion of heat, which remains constant so long as it is not transformed into other forms of work, or results afresh from them.
I think a lot of humor is about distracting yourself. Pretend you're not trying to make it funny. Because for some reason the effort to be funny smells like sulphur in our culture.
He whom the gods love dies young, while he is in health, has his senses and his judgments sound.
When it comes to controlling human beings, there is no better instrument than lies. Because you see, humans live by beliefs. And beliefs can be manipulated. The power to manipulate beliefs is the only thing that counts.
I am not someone who believes we should build a fence around our country but I do believe there ought to be some fairness with respect to the rules of this globalization.
I came out when I was 13 and started to become more open about liking boys, and I still ended up dating girls and boys. It seems to be the natural progression from where I was, but it wasn't a shock to anyone that I was close with.
With so many forty- and fifty something mums and dads in Converse stalking the streets, I can see why there's a slew of books about the menopause and middle age, the most recent addition being David Bainbridge's plucky, glass-half-full meditation or, as he calls it, 'natural history.'
I've the highest respect and regards for Shankar sir. He has taken Tamil cinema to a new level. I would have loved to work with him, but there are some date hassles.
People look to time in expectation that it will eventually make them happy, but you cannot find true happiness by looking toward the future.
Federal research dollars invested at the National Institutes of Health seem expensive until we factor in the economic growth and jobs created by our world-leading life sciences industry.
Health is the thing that makes you feel that now is the best time of the year.
Laughter kills fear, and without fear there can be no faith. For without fear of the devil there is no need for God.
If you aim at nothing, you'll hit it every time.
Impropriety is the soul of wit.
The polls indicated that I was feisty, that I was tough, that I had a sense of humor, but they weren't quite sure if they liked me and they didn't know whether or not that I was sensitive.
Regret for the things we did can be tempered by time; it is regret for the things we did not do that is inconsolable.
As a remedy to life in society I would suggest the big city. Nowadays, it is the only desert within our means.
I find my earliest memories covering the anachronistic features of a previous incarnation. Clear recollections came to me of a distant life, a yogi amidst the Himalayan snows. These glimpses of the past, by some dimensionless link, also afforded me a glimpse of the future.
I regard the writing of humor as a supreme artistic challenge.
If you must be mad, be it not for the things of the world. Be mad with the love of God.
I don't think about my past or future.
Your private life is your private life and you keep it to yourself. You get more respect that way.
While President Bush likes to project an image of strength and courage, the real truth is that in the presence of his large financial contributors, he is a moral coward.
In the far, far future, essentially all matter will have returned to energy. But because of the enormous expansion of space, this energy will be spread so thinly that it will hardly ever convert back to even the lightest particles of matter. Instead, a faint mist of light will fall for eternity through an ever colder and quieter cosmos.
No one is in control of your happiness but you; therefore, you have the power to change anything about yourself or your life that you want to change.
The strong creation created by God in the world is not the lion, not the elephant, not the tiger - the girl.
When the rose and the cross are united the alchemical marriage is complete and the drama ends. Then we wake from history and enter eternity.
The abduction of a child is a tragedy. No one can fully understand or appreciate what a parent goes through at such a time, unless they have faced a similar tragedy. Every parent responds differently. Each parent copes with this nightmare in the best way he or she knows how.
It's worth pointing out that conflicts between racially oppressed people often result from the fact that colonialism worked on divide and rule. Certain ethnic, religious, racial or indigenous groups were deliberately privileged over others in order to create a sense of investment in upholding the power structure.
Keep your sense of humor, my friend; if you don't have a sense of humor it just isn't funny anymore.
There is a thin line that separates laughter and pain, comedy and tragedy, humor and hurt.
Never let a fool kiss you, or a kiss fool you.
You can fool all the people some of the time, and some of the people all the time, but you cannot fool all the people all the time.
I spent years working in low-budget horror films. When you've done 'Cannibal Women in the Avocado Jungle of Death,' you can handle anything!
I have great respect for Catholic traditions; my family is Catholic, and it's part of my life.
History is so subjective. The teller of it determines it.
The death of democracy is not likely to be an assassination from ambush. It will be a slow extinction from apathy, indifference, and undernourishment.
I respect a woman too much to marry her.
If you believe it, you can achieve it and God will be there every step of the way. I am a living testament, man.
I actually learned that you should never give up, and if you love something, take courage and absolutely go after it.
When I was young, I asked my priest how you could get to Heaven and still protect yourself from all the evil in the world. He told me what God said to his children. You are sheep among wolves. Be wise as serpents, yet innocent as doves.
John Candy knew he was going to die. He told me on his 40th birthday. He said, well, Maureen, I'm on borrowed time.
I lost the life that I knew, and I really had to rethink my future and think about my core values and the things that I love, and my passion, and that's really what helped me move forward. Also, for me just being grateful for what I had in my life versus on focusing on what I was losing, that really helped as well.
I thought that through the strip, I could vent my spleen and be funny at the same time. But when it comes to humor, there's no substitute for reality and politicians.
Faith in God... produces character; character will produce courage, courage to face the challenges of the day.
Death is a fact of life, no matter where you live. Taking care of the dying is a necessity everywhere. Those are not conditions exclusive to small towns.
I believe the gun has no power at all.
I love Joan Collins. She's a wonderful lady. She has such courage. She's such a good actress.
The death clock is ticking slowly in our breast, and each drop of blood measures its time, and our life is a lingering fever.
Suicide is man's way of telling God, 'You can't fire me - I quit.'
I heard a definition once: Happiness is health and a short memory! I wish I'd invented it, because it is very true.
In so many instances, there has been an attempt to rewrite history. And many times, on photographs, Martin and I were marching together, hand in hand; they cropped the photographs and left me out.
Art reflects society. Cinema doesn't dictate - you portray what the society demands.
Sometimes your disappointments make you a stronger person for the future.
I am responsible only to God and history.
I am from Spain, but my family and I have made America our home. For the last 17 years, I have been cooking Spanish food in Washington, D.C.
I love places that have an incredible history. I love the Italian way of life. I love the food. I love the people. I love the attitudes of Italians.
You can learn as much about the history from reading about the present as you can vice versa, that is learning about the present through history, which is what I do for a living.
There is no respect for others without humility in one's self.
Technology is the future, I have seen the third industrial revolution, and we are in the midst of the fourth industrial revolution.
President Ford used humor a great deal.
You have to know the forces that are against you and that are trying to break you down. We talk about the problems facing the black community: the decimation of the black family; the mass incarceration of the black man; we're talking about the brutality against black people from the police. The educational system.
Biodiversity starts in the distant past and it points toward the future.
I think our existence in professional sports is almost a protest in and of itself in sometimes the very sexist society that we live in. For us, it's just kind of right in line with what we always do.
Like the United Nations, there is something inspirational about New York as a great melting pot of different cultures and traditions. And if this is the city that never sleeps, the United Nations works tirelessly, around the clock around the world.
Drones overall will be more impactful than I think people recognize, in positive ways to help society.
I don't want to have lived in vain like most people. I want to be useful or bring enjoyment to all people, even those I've never met. I want to go on living even after my death!
My dreams for the future are simple: work, a happy, healthy family, a lovely long motorcycle ride, and continuing the struggle to awaken people to the need for serious human rights reform.
When I say, 'Everybody to the table and eat,' I mean it. That is the glue, the center that holds the family, that gives security. Good food brings everybody to the table.
Space exploration is a force of nature unto itself that no other force in society can rival.
There is no right time and right place for love... it can happen any time.
Healing is a matter of time, but it is sometimes also a matter of opportunity.
In society, we have these unspoken rules of conduct, these 'shoulds.' Even though we pride ourselves on being a democracy, there are all these ways we say you 'should' behave. But what if you're living your life by the 'shoulds' and you're not really living your life?
The best way to predict the future is to create it.
We have to have humor to survive 22 episodes a year of network television.
I never have been able to understand where the humor comes from.
I like refried beans. That's why I wanna try fried beans, because maybe they're just as good and we're just wasting time. You don't have to fry them again after all.
A people without the knowledge of their past history, origin and culture is like a tree without roots.
I don't wish that I was playing football. I love baseball, and the way I play is like it's my last day ever playing it. I do like football, but you've got to respect that it's not like baseball.
We all have a common goal, and we know it's all for our future good.
Life and death. They are somehow sweetly and beautifully mixed, but I don't know how.
When one person's livelihood changes, it can impact an entire family, then a whole community.
As a person, he was wonderful. He really was a great person. He was full of life. He had a great sense of humor. Very talented, of course, but very caring to his parents. There was a very endearing quality about Elvis.
Barack Obama's inspirational whoosh to the presidency in 2008 was unusual. Most campaigns are less exhilarating; indeed, they are downright disappointing - until someone wins.
A rite of passage in America when you turn 50 and have good health insurance is a colonoscopy.
Untutored courage is useless in the face of educated bullets.
The reality of Britain is vibrant multiculturalism, but the myth we export is an all-white world of lords and ladies. Conversely, American society is pretty segregated, but the myth it exports is of a racial melting-pot, everyone solving crimes and fighting aliens side by side.
Negative humor is forgotten immediately. It's the stuff that makes us feel better about our lives that lives long. Much more satisfying. Enter children's books.
Music videos are like tools that young artists use to earn respect from their peers, to 'represent.'
If history were taught in the form of stories, it would never be forgotten.
Both conservatives and liberals watch 'Parks and Recreation,' and they each think the show is for them, which is really cool. 'SNL' was totally different. It was exciting because everyone was paying attention. Political humor works when people know what you're talking about.
Sleep is good, death is better; but of course, the best thing would to have never been born at all.
I simply can't build my hopes on a foundation of confusion, misery and death... I think... peace and tranquillity will return again.
Like many of my fellow millennials, I do not consider myself categorically Republican or Democrat. More than party affiliation, I vote on based on what I believe is right, for my family and for my country. Sometimes it's a tough choice.
People with film careers get a whole onslaught of people they spend 12 hours a day with every three months. It's like speed dating. You've got a fast-track to social intimacy with a whole bunch of people.
In cyberspace, people with different skin colors, nationalities, cultures and languages should be equally entitled to participation, free speech and development. We should abandon prejudices, respect differences, and be tolerant and open.
The influence of teachers extends beyond the classroom, well into the future. It is they who shape and enrich the minds of the young, who touch their hearts and souls. It is they who shape a nation's future.
The best way to predict the future is to invent it.
Democratic nations must try to find ways to starve the terrorist and the hijacker of the oxygen of publicity on which they depend.
Healing takes courage, and we all have courage, even if we have to dig a little to find it.
I've been through so much damn adversity, I've had so much critiqued on me. From being the undefeated world champion to never really getting the love or the respect I feel I deserved when I was on top and then finally getting knocked down and then everybody jumping on top, trying to kick me while I was down.
We need a younger generation that's prepared to grow a backbone, go out into the world, take risks and make difficult decisions. Otherwise the future doesn't bode well for any of us.
I learned to respect the coach and to do everything within my power to show that I should be the one playing. That's exactly what I did during my three years under Mourinho.
The Bible tells us that God will meet all our needs. He feeds the birds of the air and clothes the grass with the splendor of lilies. How much more, then, will He care for us, who are made in His image? Our only concern is to obey the heavenly Father and leave the consequences to Him.
Okay, sense of humor: plus one. Being able to laugh at yourself: plus one. Being able to laugh at other people without being mean: plus one. Vanity: minus one.
There are men so philosophical that they can see humor in their own toothaches. But there has never lived a man so philosophical that he could see the toothache in his own humor.
I did it to myself. It wasn't society... it wasn't a pusher, it wasn't being blind or being black or being poor. It was all my doing.
You don't change the course of history by turning the faces of portraits to the wall.
Teaching is a very noble profession that shapes the character, caliber, and future of an individual. If the people remember me as a good teacher, that will be the biggest honour for me.
To correct a natural indifference I was placed half-way between misery and the sun. Misery kept me from believing that all was well under the sun, and the sun taught me that history wasn't everything.
We are one people; we are only family. And when we finally accept these truths, then we will be able to fulfill Dr. King's dream to build a beloved community, a nation, and a world at peace with itself.
Whether you be man or woman you will never do anything in this world without courage. It is the greatest quality of the mind next to honor.
History is a vast early warning system.
No other investment yields as great a return as the investment in education. An educated workforce is the foundation of every community and the future of every economy.
The terrorists thought they would change my aims and stop my ambitions, but nothing changed in my life except this: weakness, fear and hopelessness died. Strength, power and courage were born.
Sometimes people will approach me on the street and ask me very personal questions about my dating life. Fans talk to me like they know me, and it's like, 'You don't know me. You know my character, but you really don't know me.'
I know it's a cliche, but the whole family is just whacked. I mean, we're all out of our minds. They're the funniest, most eccentric bizarre people I've ever met, my siblings.
I majored in extracurriculars, honestly. I joined the Harvard Stand Up Comedy Society, which is a ragtag band of misfits. I wrote for 'On Harvard Time,' which was a student TV show trying to be 'The Daily Show.' And I wrote a humor column for 'The Crimson' starting my sophomore year.
I don't judge people based on their religion. But I judge them based on how they respect the French constitution.
The platform of an Ethical Society is itself the altar; the address must be the fire that burns thereon.
The power of noble deeds is to be preserved and passed on to the future.
How many women have the courage to start properly with a cold, cold bath early in the morning? I jump in, throw the water, cold as ice, and after the first plunge I am happy.
Set your compass to beauty, humor, and grief; stay the course no matter what, and I'll support you with everything I've got.
If we desire respect for the law, we must first make the law respectable.
Everything is a risk in Pakistan: If you defend women, it's a risk. If you defend non-Muslims it's a risk. If you discuss religion, it's a risk. But you can't really sit there like a vegetable in your own society. And I'm committed to that society... and I feel I need to turn around and speak as I should.
Never underestimate the power of dreams and the influence of the human spirit. We are all the same in this notion: The potential for greatness lives within each of us.
Mention health in most companies, and the cost of health insurance is what comes to mind, not how the company can invest to prevent further escalation in societal health care costs.
When you go to war as a boy, you have a great illusion of immortality. Other people get killed, not you... Then, when you are badly wounded the first time, you lose that illusion, and you know it can happen to you.
The return on investment in global health is tremendous, and the biggest bang for the buck comes from vaccines. Vaccines are among the most successful and cost-effective health investments in history.
Mental health needs a great deal of attention. It's the final taboo and it needs to be faced and dealt with.
If you believe you can make a difference, then you will make a difference. Believe in yourself, your family and your community and you will win.
It is not a fragrant world.
The family is the test of freedom; because the family is the only thing that the free man makes for himself and by himself.
We need to respect the oceans and take care of them as if our lives depended on it. Because they do.
I love my living room: it's the heart of my home where I get to chill and spend time with family and friends.
You judge a society by how it treats its citizens. We must do our best to ensure that every child can live in comfort and security, with the best possible education.
Two qualities are indispensable: first, an intellect that, even in the darkest hour, retains some glimmerings of the inner light which leads to truth; and second, the courage to follow this faint light wherever it may lead.
Time is a beautiful thing. It's like when you meet an old lover on the street six years later and they don't look so ugly anymore.
It's like a jar of salad dressing sitting on a shelf... most of the seasoning settles to the bottom of the bottle. But when you shake that bottle up, all the ingredients mix together and then the dressing can add flavor to a salad. In the same way, we can stir ourselves up and regain the reverence, respect and awe we once had for the Lord.
Sometimes, humor is the only way we get through the day.
If you're working out in front of a mirror and watching your muscles grow, your ego has reached a point where it is now eating itself. That's why I believe there should be a psychiatrist at every health club, so that when they see you doing this, they will take you away for a little chat.
Kathie Lee and I were working together on our 'Live' morning show when she started dating Frank. I always loved trying to get her to tell me about her new romance, and it wasn't long before we were watching them take their vows in front of close friends in Southhampton.
I'm scared to death of being poor. It's like a fat girl who loses 500 pounds but is always fat inside. I grew up poor and will always feel poor inside. It's my pet paranoia.
History, after all, is a process, not a position, and it is not best written in bronze and marble. It is complex, plastic and ever-changing; all things that heroic statues are not.
There are thousands of inspirational stories waiting to be told about young women who yearn for a great education. They are stories of struggle and stories of success, and they will inspire others to take action and work to change lives.
I don't actually watch that much TV, but I was obsessed with 'Dawson's Creek' growing up. And 'Freaks and Geeks.' And '8 Simple Rules for Dating My Teenage Daughter.'
Art is something in which you are never an expert at any point of time. It's something you hone all the time and something which is elusive all the time.
Rowling is a luminous storyteller. I love her sense of humor and the intricate wizarding world she built around Hogwarts. I think all writers aspire to be like her, to capture readers like she does. But I didn't think about 'Harry Potter' when I wrote 'The Bone Season.'
It takes someone with a vision of the possibilities to attain new levels of experience. Someone with the courage to live his dreams.
If I can lead a happy life, touch the lives of others in a positive way, win the respect of those that I care about - and make a few million along the way - then I have been successful.
Humor has to surprise us; otherwise, it isn't funny. It's a death knell for a writer to be labeled a humorist because then it's not a surprise anymore.
Following one of the most violent conflicts in human history, the United States and Japan built a deep and abiding friendship - an alliance that has underwritten unprecedented economic growth and security in the Asia Pacific for half a century. It is an alliance based on mutual interests and shared values and the ties between our people.
There is no reason to repeat bad history.
The most authentic thing about us is our capacity to create, to overcome, to endure, to transform, to love and to be greater than our suffering.
If you are lucky enough to find a way of life you love, you have to find the courage to live it.
Every profession will have its rogues, of course, no matter what oaths are sworn, but many health care professionals have a real commitment to serving the best interests of their clients.
I loved that outrageous, creative style of city ball. 'Logic is the death of art,' they taught me at Yale. Maybe in basketball, too.
Things change all the time, and they'll probably never be the same again. It's just the natural evolution of the human condition. Things change, and whatever it is is what it is. I mean, you try to start second guessing that, you either get rich or die broke.
I always run into these Ph.D.s. They write and write and write about sustainable development. Then these guys ask me, 'But, how do you do it?' They are scared to death to do anything.
If I talk to a woman for more than five minutes I can tell you exactly whether she's an Aidan girl or a Mr. Big girl. Aidan girls are more interested in nurturing relationships and building a nest while Mr. Big girls are more about show and having fun.
Throughout the history of our young nation, we have seen our military go bravely into battle, armed with courage and willing to make the ultimate sacrifice.
The reason why you know more funny dudes than funny chicks is that dudes are funnier than chicks. If my daughter has a mediocre sense of humor, I'm just gonna tell her, 'Be a staff writer for a sitcom. Because they'll have to hire you, they can't really fire you, and you don't have to produce that much. It'll be awesome.'
I believe in a world where there are no heroes, and I've read and know humanity a lot. There are moments that I admire in a person courage, intellect, hard work. These are the qualities I admire in an intellectual, in a writer, and there are so many people who have these things.
I can't identify a race of people in this country who are more committed to the health of this country, who believe more in the Constitution, who believe more in equality and liberation and fairness to everyone else than black people.
I'm gonna live till I die.
I have never denied my background or my culture. I have taught my child to embrace her Mexican heritage, to love my first language, Spanish, to learn about Mexican history, music, folk art, food, and even the Mexican candy I grew up with.
Even when something sad or tragic happens, I find a way to look at it in a positive light. People who don't have a sense of humor must be so sad all the time.
Real generosity toward the future lies in giving all to the present.
No matter what you think about the Iraq war, there is one thing we can all agree on for the next days - we have to salute the courage and bravery of those who are risking their lives to vote and those brave Iraqi and American soldiers fighting to protect their right to vote.
Celebrities say they date other celebrities because they have the same job. But I think they just like dating famous people. Celebrities attract each other, like cattle.
Space is an inspirational concept that allows you to dream big.
For a lot of the time I was in Berkeley, I was single. I was living in a kind of collegiate apartment by myself - it was like a protracted summer vacation. So at least in hindsight, I have gloomy emotions attached to Berkeley, whereas I started coming to New York because I was dating someone, and it was very exciting and romantic.
The salvation of this human world lies nowhere else than in the human heart, in the human power to reflect, in human meekness and human responsibility.
While the resurrection promises us a new and perfect life in the future, God loves us too much to leave us alone to contend with the pain, guilt and loneliness of our present life.
Condemn me. It does not matter. History will absolve me.
I'm no good with words but I'll find ways from time to time to show you how grateful I am.
Unless a reviewer has the courage to give you unqualified praise, I say ignore the bastard.
I stay in tune with my family and God.
Financial inclusion helps lift people out of poverty and can help speed economic development. It can draw more women into the mainstream of economic activity, harnessing their contributions to society.
I really believe if you give people a product that couples entertainment with a little bit of education, a soft glove and sense of humor - especially about a subject people have begun to feel very frustrated about, which is the legal system - then you have a formula for success.
The Negro League had some of the best players in history. Satchel Paige was probably one of the best pitchers in the history of baseball, and many believe catcher Josh Gibson was a better hitter than Babe Ruth.
The history of innovation is the story of ideas that seemed dumb at the time.
No apparent, perceived, or claimed evidence in any field, including history and chronology, can be valid if it contradicts the Scriptural record.
No matter what is happening in life or in the world - war, natural disaster, poor health, pain, the death of loved ones - if existence is filled with art, music and literature, life will be fulfilling, a joy.
Never in the history of fashion has so little material been raised so high to reveal so much that needs to be covered so badly.
The death of the forest is the end of our life.
Pale Death beats equally at the poor man's gate and at the palaces of kings.
I try to be a truthful artist and I try to show a level of courage. I enjoy that. I'm a messenger.
Keep looking up! I learn from the past, dream about the future and look up. There's nothing like a beautiful sunset to end a healthy day.
We have to confront ourselves. Do we like what we see in the mirror? And, according to our light, according to our understanding, according to our courage, we will have to say yea or nay - and rise!
I'm proud of my family, very proud - I have ten grandchildren, four children, and one wife.
I am very careful about my health... For example, I have body check-ups regularly and take some medicines to control my blood pressure, because I have a little bit high blood pressure.
Freedom is a system based on courage.
Truth is the daughter of time, not of authority.
I like Thomas Jefferson, though he intimidated me. I thought he would have been very tough to be around. I don't know if he had such a sense of humor.
The problem is that everywhere the gas drilling industry goes, a trail of water contamination, air pollution, health concerns and betrayal of basic American civic and community values follows.
I think 'Country Girl' is one song that can veer into country or hip-hop or rap. You can listen to it and enjoy the humor and the fun in it.
Yoga always helps me slow down, be present, and be grateful for my health and well-being.
I think in society we tend to put ourselves in boxes and corners and restrict ourselves, and we constantly feel the need to not say this or not wear this.
Friendship is held to be the severest test of character. It is easy, we think, to be loyal to a family and clan, whose blood is in your own veins.
God hangs the greatest weights upon the smallest wires.
There never is a good time for tough decisions. There will always be an election or something else. You have to pick courage and do it. Governance is about taking tough, even unpopular, decisions.
That's part of your life lesson to be afraid. The bigger question is how you deal with being afraid. Do you have to summon courage or something else to live with that fear without letting it take you over?
A good leader, in my view, should have a clear vision of the future they want and the society they need to build. They must also have a connection with the people who work for them and be able to mobilise their best energies to create teams where people can be most creative and happy.
I think college football is a reflection of Middle America. You go into a college football town, and you will find three generations of a family sitting together. It's a rallying point for the university, the community, and the families.
Hearty laughter is a good way to jog internally without having to go outdoors.
As a child of God, I am greater than anything that can happen to me.
When you are young, do not get involved in steady dating. When you reach an age where you think of marriage, then is the time to become so involved.
Death is a monster; death is horrible.
I have a great respect for incremental improvement, and I've done that sort of thing in my life, but I've always been attracted to the more revolutionary changes. I don't know why. Because they're harder. They're much more stressful emotionally. And you usually go through a period where everybody tells you that you've completely failed.
What it lies in our power to do, it lies in our power not to do.
If the individual is to be happy in the contemporary order, he must be open-minded with respect to new values and new arrangements.
God gives his hardest battles to his strongest soldiers.
Health consists of having the same diseases as one's neighbors.
I have the responsibility to translate peace and stability for future generations.
If you could get all the people in the organization rowing in the same direction, you could dominate any industry, in any market, against any competition, at any time.
The typical response from people when I tell them I'm diabetic is, 'Oh, I'm sorry to hear that.' You know, I'm not. I'm a better athlete because of diabetes rather than despite it. I'm more aware of my training, my fitness and more aware of nutrition. I'm more proactive about my health.
I am from a middle-class family, and everything I have achieved in life I have only appreciated. I have never gone overboard because I have seen the other side of life. When you have seen the other side of life, you appreciate what you have.
Mankind is made great or little by its own will.
Ignorance is not too dangerous. If you combine it with power, then this is a toxic mix.
I've been through natural disasters. I lived down in Miami and was down there for Hurricane Andrew which was a Category 5. There were members of my family that thought they were going to die. Everyone was in the bathtub.
As the family goes, so goes the nation and so goes the whole world in which we live.
The sharecropper may lower his eyes, but not because he's less of a man. That's just a condition of society that such things exist.
The future is keeping you out of the present time.
As a doctor who took care of patients for 25 years, I saw the problems with America's health care system every day.
Every day, people serve their neighbors and our nation in many different ways, from helping a child learn and easing the loneliness of those without a family to defending our freedom overseas. It is in this spirit of dedication to others and to our country that I believe service should be broadly and deeply encouraged.
Innovation is the calling card of the future.
The secret of life is enjoying the passage of time.
The first duty of a human being is to assume the right functional relationship to society - more briefly, to find your real job, and do it.
Blood relatives often have nothing to do with family, and similarly, family is about who you choose to make your life with.
Players do not come out of the closet because they are afraid. We have to appear hard and strong, but we are afraid of what people will say about us. Of course, I have nothing against anyone. I respect everybody.
It is particularly pleasing to see how purely basic research, originally aimed at testing the genetic identity of different cell types in the body, has turned out to have clear human health prospects.
Everybody has to be able to participate in a future that they want to live for. That's what technology can do.
In modern society, there are fewer and fewer opportunities for men to be men. For masculinity to flourish in all its glory. For daring and risk-taking to live free, or at least relatively free. Fraternities are one of those places. They deserve to be protected.
I think that the romantic impulse is in all of us and that sometimes we live it for a short time, but it's not part of a sensible way of living. It's a heroic path and it generally ends dangerously. I treasure it in the sense that I believe it's a path of great courage. It can also be the path of the foolhardy and the compulsive.
What's natural and right is to go with the energy of how it all has to work together. What's natural and right is interconnectedness, not individualism. What is natural and right is respect for the system, not killing the system. What's natural and right is love.
When I am working out, I listen to inspirational speeches.
You haven't lost anything when you know were it is. Death can hide but not divide.
The Marine Corps is the Navy's police force and as long as I am President that is what it will remain. They have a propaganda machine that is almost equal to Stalin's.
Women hold up more than half the sky and represent much of the world's unrealized potential. They are the educators. They raise the children. They hold families together and increasingly drive economies. They are natural leaders. We need their full engagement... in government, business and civil society.
Women always try to see the one good part of The Weird Guy because the dating landscape is so bleak. Women will say, 'He's very odd, but he likes to cook. He's creepy, but he makes good pancakes!'
The joke in our family is that we can cry reading the phone book.
Death borders upon our birth, and our cradle stands in the grave.
Either life entails courage, or it ceases to be life.
God is at home, it's we who have gone out for a walk.
We are all gifted, but we have to discover the gift, uncover the gift, nurture and develop the gift and use it for the Glory of God and for the liberation struggle of our people.
I've been really lucky in terms of film projects with people, terrific actors and also writers and directors that I really respect.
Planning is bringing the future into the present so that you can do something about it now.
I'm not afraid of death but I am afraid of dying.
Democracy shows not only its power in reforming governments, but in regenerating a race of men and this is the greatest blessing of free governments.
Any man's death diminishes me, because I am involved in Mankind; And therefore never send to know for whom the bell tolls; it tolls for thee.
I take things that are worn out through overuse, that have become cliches - like the shed, a traditional place of rest and retreat - and I give them a more incandescent future.
Nobody talks so constantly about God as those who insist that there is no God.
I walk around - people know who I am. I've got friends. I can make ends meet. I grew up around people who have been hustling from the start, so I think I've got a bright little future ahead of me - especially if I don't fight. Why would I want to go out there and fight with somebody, get my face punched and kicked. It's not my idea of a good time.
The Wright brothers flew right through the smoke screen of impossibility.
Curiosity is life. Assumption is death.
Crucial to understanding federalism in modern day America is the concept of mobility, or 'the ability to vote with your feet.' If you don't support the death penalty and citizens packing a pistol - don't come to Texas. If you don't like medicinal marijuana and gay marriage, don't move to California.
I think it's part of the responsibility of an artist to shock, to upset, to make people think differently, and to surprise people. And that's where the good humor is, if there's a surprise and there's something unexpected. Something that's not normal, not in the realm of general living expectations.
We need women who are devoted to shepherding God's children along the covenant path toward exaltation; women who know how to receive personal revelation, who understand the power and peace of the temple endowment; women who know how to call upon the powers of heaven to protect and strengthen children and families; women who teach fearlessly.
Life is pleasant. Death is peaceful. It's the transition that's troublesome.
Architecture is measured against the past; you build in the future, and you try to imagine the future.
The British nation is unique in this respect. They are the only people who like to be told how bad things are, who like to be told the worst.
Do feminists have a sense of humor? Yes.
Most legacy companies get crushed - they get Blockbustered - because they are too afraid to walk away from the status quo, to embrace what the future is.
By the grace of God, my parents were fantastic. We were a very normal family, and we have had a very middle-class Indian upbringing. We were never made to realise who we were or that my father and mother were huge stars - it was a very normal house, and I'd like my daughter to have the same thing.
I have to tell you that J.S. Bach was easily the greatest musical innovator in the history of the world. He was so advanced for his time. There's a spiritual depth to his music. You can listen to it and it's like meditation.
One's own self-worth is tied to the worth of the community to which one belongs, which is intimately connected to humanity in general. What happens in Darfur becomes an assault on my own community, and on me as an individual. That's what the human family is all about.
No one is going to stick their head out of the trenches for someone they don't respect or trust. You can get shot doing that.
Live like you're already dead, man. Have a good time. Do your best. Let it all come ripping right through you.
Each person holds so much power within themselves that needs to be let out. Sometimes they just need a little nudge, a little direction, a little support, a little coaching, and the greatest things can happen.
The war we are fighting today against terrorism is a multifaceted fight. We have to use every tool in our toolkit to wage this war - diplomacy, finance, intelligence, law enforcement, and of course, military power - and we are developing new tools as we go along.
As the mainstream media has become increasingly dependent on advertising revenues for support, it has become an anti-democratic force in society.
Goodness and hard work are rewarded with respect.
The great hope of society is in individual character.
To live only for some future goal is shallow. It's the sides of the mountain that sustain life, not the top.
Question: Why are we Masters of our Fate, the captains of our souls? Because we have the power to control our thoughts, our attitudes. That is why many people live in the withering negative world. That is why many people live in the Positive Faith world.
In Switzerland, we have a centuries-old tradition of living together in one confederation and one society. That holds us back from excesses. We are a civilized and enlightened community and, by practising multicultural tolerance, we manage to stop extreme developments from going too far.
God lends a helping hand to the man who tries hard.
The function of prayer is not to influence God, but rather to change the nature of the one who prays.
A lawyer without history or literature is a mechanic, a mere working mason; if he possesses some knowledge of these, he may venture to call himself an architect.
Being a Hot Mom means being respected as a mom and a woman. And, the key to being a Hot Mom is having a sense of humor about yourself and all the crazy situations that arise.
God forgive you, but I never can.
Live out of your imagination, not your history.
I'm very much a family person.
I have written a memoir here and there, and that takes its own form of selfishness and courage. However, generally speaking, I have no interest in writing about my own life or intruding in the privacy of those around me.
Voting is how we participate in a civic society - be it for president, be it for a municipal election. It's the way we teach our children - in school elections - how to be citizens, and the importance of their voice.
We are here to make another world.
Death is better than slavery.
The American Dream means any person can achieve prosperity through hard work and ingenuity because there are no inherent barriers in our society.
While I am aware of no counsel on whether kissing should be reserved only for post-mission dating or courtship, I am aware of plenty of counsel concerning honesty in our actions and treating others with respect and kindness. Casual attitudes about expressions of affection such as kissing can cause much grief and heartache.
Seek out your brothers and sisters of other cultures and join together in building alliances to put an end to all forms of racial discrimination, bigotry, and prejudice. There are people of good will of all races, religions, and nations who will join you in common quest for the betterment of society.
Surprise is not humor. I think that there can be a fine line there.
I don't believe a champion is the biggest, baddest, meanest dude in the world. I think the champion is like a warrior; it's like the head knight or lead samurai: humble men of integrity, respect, and honor that treat people kindly.
Virtues, like viruses, have their seasons of contagion. When catastrophe strikes, generosity spikes like a fever. Courage spreads in the face of tyranny.
Partition is bad. But whatever is past is past. We have only to look to the future.
Rising anti-Semitism is rarely the lone or the last expression of intolerance in a society.
My generation, we're so smart and opinionated, and we know the world we want to live in; we know the future we want. We're such a liberal, forward-thinking generation that's been held back by an older generation that doesn't understand it, doesn't want the world to progress quickly because of old ideologies.
So I wanted to sing inspirational music, and that's exactly how I approached it - only the words have been changed to declare my relationship with God.
Whatever comes from God is impossible for a man to turn back.
Such decisions will be far reaching and difficult. But you never lacked courage in the past. Your courage is now needed for the future.
Ronald Reagan's well documented final battles with Alzheimer's disease were fought with the same conviction and courage that his many public battles were fought.
Treating your adversary with respect is striking soft in battle.
Invention is not enough. Tesla invented the electric power we use, but he struggled to get it out to people. You have to combine both things: invention and innovation focus, plus the company that can commercialize things and get them to people.
A humorist is a person who feels bad, but who feels good about it.
Faith activates God - Fear activates the Enemy.
How can a society that exists on instant mashed potatoes, packaged cake mixes, frozen dinners, and instant cameras teach patience to its young?
Leaders establish the vision for the future and set the strategy for getting there.
I have a dark sense of humor.
He who loses wealth loses much; he who loses a friend loses more; but he that loses his courage loses all.
I have no physical courage, I've asked for a double.
A dog barks when his master is attacked. I would be a coward if I saw that God's truth is attacked and yet would remain silent.
We had a much bigger vision than creating a dating site.
I am blessed to have so many great things in my life - family, friends and God. All will be in my thoughts daily.
No evil can happen to a good man, either in life or after death. He and his are not neglected by the gods.
Confidence is at the root of so many attractive qualities, a sense of humor, a sense of style, a willingness to be who you are no matter what anyone else might think or say and it's true, I do have a certain fondness for women that have dark hair.
Everyone has talent. What is rare is the courage to follow the talent to the dark place where it leads.
I'd been dating my husband for about a year, and I'd already kissed George Clooney, Ashton Kutcher and Gerard Butler. Awesome year, right?
Stick to the basics, hold on to your family and friends - they will never go out of fashion.
Money: power at its most liquid.
Humor is the most engaging cowardice.
How do you think we build a future? I think we build it by investing in our kids and investing in education.
Let us not pray to be sheltered from dangers but to be fearless when facing them.
I use the term 'disabled people' quite deliberately, because I subscribe to what's called the social model of disability, which tells us that we are more disabled by the society that we live in than by our bodies and our diagnoses.
As a designer looking to the future, you don't want to get lost in the archives.
The humor section is the last place an author wants to be. They put your stuff next to collections of Cathy cartoons.
Nobody gets lucky all the time. Nobody can win all the time. Nobody's a robot. Nobody's perfect.
Life is hard. Then you die. Then they throw dirt in your face. Then the worms eat you. Be grateful it happens in that order.
Stop and search has a controversial history and has not always been carried out professionally by individual officers. Liberal-minded people are right to be wary about its overuse. However, it is also regarded by most people as a legitimate and necessary tactic.
Managers of hospitals over the years have been increasingly recruited from outside the health service, and although their experience of running a supermarket chain might allow them to balance the books, it does not mean they have any insight into how a ward should be managed and patients best served.
We need a force that recognizes that only through development and liberty, through education and health care, through better priorities and wiser investments, can we achieve the stability we seek.
I've always been independent. I've always had courage. But I didn't always own my diabetes.
Language exerts hidden power, like the moon on the tides.
Truth is the ultimate power. When the truth comes around, all the lies have to run and hide.
I confess it is beyond our power to awaken the heart, but ordinarily this way does good.
Putting women in military combat is the cutting edge of the feminist goal to force us into an androgynous society.
We cannot create observers by saying 'observe', but by giving them the power and the means for this observation and these means are procured through education of the senses.
I want every Filipino woman empowered with information regarding all options available to her regarding family planning.
Dating is kind of hard. Like dinner or something like that. Like a forced awkward situation is very strange. Especially for me, for some reason.
Every second, every day, every year, we fail to address demand for reproductive health and family planning services. Lives are lost, and girls' opportunities to thrive and contribute to their country's development shrink. These are real people.
As long as you know yourself and you got good people around you and you passionate about what you do, that's all that matters because at the end of the day, you go to sleep with the people you love, you wake up with the people you love, and you spend your time with the people you love.
You cannot not know history.
It is the Higher Power which does everything, and the man is only a tool. If he accepts that position, he is free from troubles; otherwise, he courts them.
All my music is inspirational. You just gotta listen to the words and get what you can get out of it.
My brand of humor is trying to play the situation as real as possible because I'm not the type of guy who is a joke a minute.
Good late-night humor can work at any time of the day.
Millions of people gave their lives fighting fascism and imperialism, but Pearl Harbor was the event that forever changed the course of human history.
I'm an atheist, but I'm very relaxed about it. I don't preach my atheism, but I have a huge amount of respect for people like Richard Dawkins who do.
It was sad to leave 'Pippin' because it was a kind of inspirational turning point in my life. But it was time to move on.
True humor springs not more from the head than from the heart. It is not contempt; its essence is love. It issues not in laughter, but in still smiles, which lie far deeper.
My heart hath often been deeply afflicted under a feeling that the standard of pure righteousness is not lifted up to the people by us, as a society, in that clearness which it might have been, had we been as faithful as we ought to be to the teachings of Christ.
I will always desire to play with Bruce Springsteen. He's the most inspirational, most dedicated, most committed and most focused artist I've ever seen. I like to be around people like that.
It's amazing how these little guys can say things that a mortal human could never get away with. There's some sort of unspoken license... when outlandish things come out of an inanimate object, somehow it equals humor.
It's okay to talk about mental health issues. It's okay to admit that you have anxiety. It doesn't take away from your power. It's totally normal.
We had great faith that with patience, understanding, and education, that my family and I could be helpful in changing their minds and attitudes around.
I'm looking forward to the future, and feeling grateful for the past.
NAFTA recognizes the reality of today's economy - globalization and technology. Our future is not in competing at the low-level wage job; it is in creating high-wage, new technology jobs based on our skills and our productivity.
Suffering, failure, loneliness, sorrow, discouragement, and death will be part of your journey, but the Kingdom of God will conquer all these horrors. No evil can resist grace forever.
Storytelling in general is a communal act. Throughout human history, people would gather around, whether by the fire or at a tavern, and tell stories. One person would chime in, then another, maybe someone would repeat a story they heard already but with a different spin. It's a collective process.
My view is the less the government can do and the more freedom and opportunity you give people, that trusting people and free people and free enterprise - that America has built the greatest country in the history of the world.
If there hadn't been women we'd still be squatting in a cave eating raw meat, because we made civilization in order to impress our girlfriends.
Humor does not rescue us from unhappiness, but enables us to move back from it a little.
Women have to summon up courage to fulfill dormant dreams.
I think right now the way society's going, I think role models are important, and kids need direction. If I didn't have that direction growing up, who knows what I could be doing, because I've been lost many times in my life, and I've had to have someone guide me back on the right path.
Punctuality and showing respect in the workplace are the foundations of success. Success is meaningless without them. I'm always looking to pass these lessons on to younger players, because they are the secret of excelling and developing your game.
I associate heavy metal with fantasy because of the tremendous power that the music delivers.
Men, in a word, must necessarily be controlled, either by a power within them, or by a power without them; either by the word of God, or by the strong arm of man; either by the Bible, or by the bayonet.
I will continue sending migrants home until the last migrant reunites with his family and loved ones.
My life will not be defined by a single political campaign. Those will come and go. But what has driven me to run for elected office in the past still drives me today: the knowledge that heroes do walk among us with tremendous strength and power.
Communism is a way of thinking. Socialism is wimpy communism. When you don't have the courage to become a communist, you become a socialist.
Wonder rather than doubt is the root of all knowledge.
Social media is changing the way we communicate and the way we are perceived, both positively and negatively. Every time you post a photo, or update your status, you are contributing to your own digital footprint and personal brand.
A healthy love life is not and should not be the preserve of those in their 20s and 30s. It's important at all ages.
When you close a tab or when you finish an article on the web, it's gone unless you go back into your history or search for it or explicitly try to find it. Apps on your phone have this special property: they hang around. In some ways, they're more like a book on a bookshelf than they are like web pages.
Celebrate your successes. Find some humor in your failures.
As if you could kill time without injuring eternity.
Right now I just want to chill for a while. Take a hiatus from all the craziness. To clean my house, see my family. Just see some movies and pick some strawberries.
The schizophrenic has no sense of humor. His world is a constantly daunting, unfriendly place.
I've hung on for a long time in this business and had some success, and I think it's keeping an open mind and being curious and having a sense of humor about oneself that's important.
Religion is very important to me. I respect the rules of Islam, and I pray five times a day, always.
I, with a deeper instinct, choose a man who compels my strength, who makes enormous demands on me, who does not doubt my courage or my toughness, who does not believe me naive or innocent, who has the courage to treat me like a woman.
Your goal in an online dating profile and in your first message to somebody is to strike up a conversation.
Look at everything as though you were seeing it for the first time or the last time. Then your time on earth will be filled with glory.
Love doesn't just sit there, like a stone; it has to be made, like bread, remade all the time, made new.
I do everything for my family.
I taught myself confidence. When I'd walk into a room and feel scared to death, I'd tell myself, 'I'm not afraid of anybody.' And people believed me. You've got to teach yourself to take over the world.
The journey of shedding weight was tough, but the only good thing was it did not take a toll on my health.
Look at a football field. It looks like a big movie screen. This is theatre. Football combines the strategy of chess. It's part ballet. It's part battleground, part playground. We clarify, amplify and glorify the game with our footage, the narration and that music, and in the end create an inspirational piece of footage.
God gave me life to continue to do things that I would never have done.
I have respect for beer.
Death is Inevitable. Living a life we can be proud of is something we can control.
With Portlandia, I don't think our intention is always to find something funny. Sometimes the humor comes from taking something really seriously. We're okay with making somebody feel uncomfortable or uneasy.
When I was young, I was looking for people to look up to - role models I could respect.
You can't test courage cautiously.
Every black film feels like it's Tyler Perry, and that just needs to stop. But people seem to slowly be looking for what else is out there - 'Is there something else besides this type of humor?' 'I'm tired of seeing men in dresses.'
I'd like to do a lot of different stuff. I think it's important as a creative person to keep challenging yourself and keep doing new stuff. If you end up trying to repeat yourself it's death. It just becomes boring and takes the passion out of it. You gotta find stories and characters that you really want to hang out with.
I'm a man of faith. I only fear God, and my wife - sometimes.
My relationship with God and my parents, that's what keeps me together. I know that everything could end as soon as it starts.
I can muster up the courage in the difficult situations to get me through.
Blacks have experienced a history of victimization in America, beginning obviously in slavery and then another 100 years of segregation. I grew up in segregation. I know very well what it was about and all of the difficulties it placed on black life, and how we were truly held down before the civil-rights movement.
History will judge harshly my Republican colleagues who deny the science of climate change. Similarly, those Democrats who would use climate change as a basis to regulate out of existence the American experience will face the harsh reality that their ideas will fail.
Health is relative. There is no such thing as an absolute state of health or sickness. Everyone's physical, mental, and emotional condition is a combination of both.
My biggest hope for the future is that we're successful in delivering the treatment to people through the charity and that burns just become something that happens in people's lives but doesn't make them a misfit in society and exclude them and stop all their dreams and ambitions.
Suspense is very important. Even though this is humor and they're short stories, that theory of building suspense is still there.
It is the cause, not the death, that makes the martyr.
The power of a close-up can be extraordinary, but you have to have actors who are able to reveal themselves.
People ask me what the most important thing to take on the race is, and I always say it's a sense of humor. If you've got nothing but a sense of humor, you will survive.
Working 24 hours a day isn't enough anymore. You have to be willing to sacrifice everything to be successful, including your personal life, your family life, maybe more. If people think it's any less, they're wrong, and they will fail.
I am yet to have a child, and if I am blessed with a baby girl, and in future, if a guy tries to impress my daughter by singing my hits, I have no issues with it.
Doctors' positions and recommendations about drugs, procedures, surgical interventions, health and nutrition are not always based on strong scientific evidence.
My work as a whole is about excavating and shining a light on pieces of history that not only need to be seen and heard, but that can also add to the conversation about what's going on now.
And for my family, comedically, that was the key to a lot of the humor.
I've made a promise to myself to be a 100% healthy person if nothing else.
I don't care if you're a Democrat or a Republican or a conservative, the election of Trump is a national tragedy for multiple reasons. It will go down as one of the worst tragedies in American history. But he's not a dictator. This happened because we either allowed it or voted for it.
Macro-trading requires a high degree of skill, focus and repetition. Life events, such as birth, divorce, death of a loved one and other emotional highs and lows are obstacles to success in this specific field of finance.
When a girl is single, everyone wants to find out who she is dating.
The future isn't just a place you'll go. It's a place you will invent.
The happiness of society is the end of government.
In the history of science, we often find that the study of some natural phenomenon has been the starting point in the development of a new branch of knowledge.
Dating in college and dating in Hollywood are actually really similar in that the relationships don't last long. Other than that, lots of people in Hollywood tend to be narcissistic, and it's hard to have a relationship with someone like that.
If you just focus on getting better, and not being the best, you have such a good time.
History proves that those who seed extremist ideologies reap a bitter harvest.
I think I've learned that if you want to be successful, you have to tell your story honestly and from your heart - and I think a healthy sense of humor doesn't hurt either.
Eccentricity has always abounded when and where strength of character had abounded; and the amount of eccentricity in a society has generally been proportional to the amount of genius, mental vigor, and courage which it contained.
If you have a culture of respect, creativity flows. You create this energy, and then people have more desire to take risks.
In Iroquois society, leaders are encouraged to remember seven generations in the past and consider seven generations in the future when making decisions that affect the people.
The artist, like the God of the creation, remains within or behind or beyond or above his handiwork, invisible, refined out of existence, indifferent, paring his fingernails.
Cities all over the world are getting bigger as more and more people move from rural to urban sites, but that has created enormous problems with respect to environmental pollution and the general quality of life.
There are a lot of things going on with my life right now that don't just have to do with career. So I have a hard time making decisions about work. That's really a luxury problem.
My decision has been that anyone who breaks the law will be prosecuted. If you're a parent or you're a single person or you happen to have a family, if you cross between the ports of entry, we will refer you for prosecution. You've broken U.S. law.
My moods are like a roller coaster. It's hard for me to just feel one way all the time.
I was a subject of ridicule and lectures about the basics of crystallography. The leader of the opposition to my findings was the two-time Nobel Laureate Linus Pauling, the idol of the American Chemical Society and one of the most famous scientists in the world.
Personality is less a finished product than a transitive process. While it has some stable features, it is at the same time continually undergoing change.
The choices Israelis face and the decisions they make, day in and day out, are literally the difference between life and death. In many ways, I liken their reactions to the way I felt while serving in Iraq.
There are the horror fans that love the 'Evil Dead' because of the humor, but I'm sure it's not all of them. Not all horror fans love 'Evil Dead' because of the humor, at least not me.
Ireland is a peculiar society in the sense that it was a nineteenth century society up to about 1970 and then it almost bypassed the twentieth century.
With the pandemic crushing the world, I pray for everyone's health and well-being. I wish the world heals fast. Every morning I wake up with the hope that a vaccine gets invented soon to combat Covid-19.
There can be no failure to a man who has not lost his courage, his character, his self respect, or his self-confidence. He is still a King.
A state of society where men may not speak their minds cannot long endure.
Sometimes, magic is just someone spending more time on something than anyone else might reasonably expect.
Death is not the greatest loss in life. The greatest loss is what dies inside us while we live.
I used to read five psalms every day - that teaches me how to get along with God. Then I read a chapter of Proverbs every day and that teaches me how to get along with my fellow man.
What is genius but the power of expressing a new individuality?
Life is the desert, life the solitude, death joins us to the great majority.
All personality traits have their good side and their bad side. But for a long time, we've seen introversion only through its negative side and extroversion mostly through its positive side.
I had nothing but respect for Pac.
I hope that my uniquely American journey can help pave the way for others, especially women, to step into their own immense power.
Rest when you're weary. Refresh and renew yourself, your body, your mind, your spirit. Then get back to work.
No one would talk much in society if they knew how often they misunderstood others.
Obama wants to be thought of as the president who freed us from foreign oil. But if he doesn't show some political courage, he may well be remembered as the president who cooked the planet.
Since the team understands that the leader is de facto in charge, in that respect, a leader has nothing to prove. But in another respect, a leader has everything to prove: Every member of the team must develop the trust and confidence that their leader will exercise good judgment, remain calm, and make the right decisions when it matters most.
Life is full of confusion. Confusion of love, passion, and romance. Confusion of family and friends. Confusion with life itself. What path we take, what turns we make. How we roll our dice.
Outside the kingdom of the Lord there is no nation which is greater than any other. God and history will remember your judgment.
Courage is not the absence of despair; it is, rather, the capacity to move ahead in spite of despair.
The time has come for all good men to rise above principle.
We must vote for hope, vote for life, vote for a brighter future for all of our loved ones.
I really do encourage other manufacturers to bring electric cars to market. It's a good thing, and they need to bring it to market and keep iterating and improving and make better and better electric cars, and that's what going to result in humanity achieving a sustainable transport future. I wish it was growing faster than it is.
Before a group can enter the open society, it must first close ranks.
I'm really happy I went to a Catholic school because a lot of the repressive tactics they use make for great senses of humor.
Learning is the beginning of wealth. Learning is the beginning of health. Learning is the beginning of spirituality. Searching and learning is where the miracle process all begins.
Death and life have their determined appointments; riches and honors depend upon heaven.
I've been on so many blind dates, I should get a free dog.
We must remember that one determined person can make a significant difference, and that a small group of determined people can change the course of history.
You were made by God and for God, and until you understand that, life will never make sense.
The die is set and Malcolm will not escape for the foolish talk he spoke against his benefactor, such a man, is worthy of death, and it would have been so, were it not for Muhammad's confidence that God would give him the victory over the enemies.
Real courage is when you know you're licked before you begin, but you begin anyway and see it through no matter what.
When I was working at the Sprint store, I got laid off. I was bummed out, but I stayed positive. I used the money I had earned while working there to make my first album. Without that job, maybe 'Corazon Sin Cara' would never had been made. It's a very inspirational story.
Physical bravery is an animal instinct; moral bravery is much higher and truer courage.
Memories are the key not to the past, but to the future.
Collaboration is just, really, a group of people getting in a room with their eye on a very similar prize and wanting to come out with the same show. The director, ultimately, is the guy in front of whom the buck stops. So, he has to have the courage to prevail. But, he has got to have a huge amount of respect for his collaborators.
God found me when I was at my lowest point. That was the first time in my life when I really felt like I understood who Jesus was - it was more than just knowing about Him: I felt like He met me in that time and place.
Late in my career, I was asked to do an inspirational record and a duets album and I didn't want to do either.
The chronically ill and those toward the end of their lives are accounting for potentially 80% of the total health care bill out there. There is going to have to be a very difficult democratic conversation that takes place. The decision is not whether or not we will ration care. The decision is whether we will ration with our eyes open.
Strong women, when respected, make the whole society stronger. One must be careful with such rapid changes, though, and make an effort to preserve, at the same time, the positive traditions of Indian culture.
Respect goes a long way when you carry yourself a certain way and show manners when you first meet someone. If you do that, then it's hard for somebody not to like you.
We live in a very chaotic world that sometimes we - it just seems like a mess. One of the reasons why we listen to music, and to great classical music in particular, is that everything is in an order and in a place and has a beauty that you see in nature, that you see and that people look for when they look for God.
The flow of Guiness into the studio was inspirational as well as nutritive.
The past history of our globe must be explained by what can be seen to be happening now. No powers are to be employed that are not natural to the globe, no action to be admitted except those of which we know the principle.
The National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases is an institute of the National Institutes of Health that is responsible predominantly for basic and clinical research in the diagnosis, treatment and prevention of immunologic and infectious diseases.
Be stupid, be dumb, be funny, if that's who you are. Don't try to be someone that society wants you to be; that's stupid. So be yourself.
The sacred rights of mankind are not to be rummaged for among old parchments or musty records. They are written, as with a sunbeam, in the whole volume of human nature, by the hand of the divinity itself; and can never be erased or obscured by mortal power.
The term 'globalisation' is conventionally used to refer to the specific form of investor-rights integration designed by wealth and power, for their own interests.
For me, being a public persona, I was always wondering, 'Was a man dating me for who I was? Was there an agenda? Did he want to be seen with me? Am I arm candy?'
Hypocrisy is the ultimate power move. It is a way of demonstrating that one plays by a different set of rules from the ones adhered to by common people.
How do you spell the name of the Irish prime minister? It sounds like 'teeshuck', but we spell it 'taoiseach.' We respect foreign spellings these days - a sign of our more egalitarian times, perhaps.
Death is the solution to all problems. No man - no problem.
Literature offers not just a window into the culture of diverse regions, but also the society, the politics; it's the only place where we can keep track of ideas.
Nobody understands how the world will change. The only way you can plan for the future is to have scenarios. You have to have the courage to take a leap of faith on one of them.
Conscience is the authentic voice of God to you.
The future starts today, not tomorrow.
I am fighting royalty. I have gypsy kings on both sides of the family.
Is science of any value? I think a power to do something is of value. Whether the result is a good thing or a bad thing depends on how it is used, but the power is a value.
I have a lot of respect for people with a lot of talent.
I love being Latina. I love our values, the way we're so in touch with others, our dark humor, how fun we are, how relaxed we are. I love how hard working, independent, and ambitious we are.
Because power corrupts, society's demands for moral authority and character increase as the importance of the position increases.
While I take inspiration from the past, like most Americans, I live for the future.
There was a time I was very much blaming the way I felt on L.A, that it was a vacuum of creativity, of humor or anything organic, and I was really angry at the place. But then today I feel completely different - I love L.A.!
One does not discover new lands without consenting to lose sight of the shore for a very long time.
There are no easy answers, but there are simple answers. We must have the courage to do what we know is morally right.
I come from the family of farmers. I am a son of a farmer.
Humor that is edgy is never squeaky clean.
It's a moment that I'm after, a fleeting moment, but not a frozen moment.
I've been so lucky to work with such great people: people that are such hard workers and have such a respect and appreciation for one another.
No money in this world could convince me to play for Liverpool. That's not a lack of respect for Liverpool supporters or the football club. It's respect for the Everton supporters. You just can't do that. It goes against everything that I stand for. No chance.
In a big family the first child is kind of like the first pancake. If it's not perfect, that's okay, there are a lot more coming along.
We drink one another's health and spoil our own.
English has been this vacuum cleaner of a language, because of its history meeting up with the Romans and then the Danes, the Vikings and then the French and then the Renaissance with all the Latin and Greek and Hebrew in the background.
And I love that even in the toughest moments, when we're all sweating it - when we're worried that the bill won't pass, and it seems like all is lost - Barack never lets himself get distracted by the chatter and the noise. Just like his grandmother, he just keeps getting up and moving forward... with patience and wisdom, and courage and grace.
The Profile in Courage Award recognizes elected officials who choose to do what is right, not what is easy, so that we might learn from their example. Each time we give the award, we bear witness to the past for the sake of the future.
I think every religious person should have a deep sense of respect for other people's religious documents and religious symbols just as we were deeply opposed to the Taliban destroying the two historic buddhas which they blew up. So I think we ought to all oppose burning the Koran.
Genetic testing in the future is going to be seen as critical as testing your cholesterol.
Wisin is my brother. He always will be my brother. We are very happy as solo artists. We had a great musical trajectory together, which will be there forever. And for the future, we won't discard reuniting and making something new.
People come up to me as I leave the stage after a performance and tell me tey saw my mother onstage with me every time I sing. I keep a sense of humor about it.
I always believe holidays strengthen the family bond, away from our daily hectic schedules.
Investing in health will produce enormous benefits.
The happiest women, like the happiest nations, have no history.
We must restore hope to young people, help the old, be open to the future, spread love. Be poor among the poor. We need to include the excluded and preach peace.
People's sexuality is often defined by who we're partnered with at any given moment, which can be a frustrating limitation for me. I've had countless tiny 'coming out' moments in my life, often simply to explain to someone else that they have misjudged my sexuality based on who they saw me dating.
In order to go on living one must try to escape the death involved in perfectionism.
A child is owed the greatest respect; if you have ever have something disgraceful in mind, don't ignore your son's tender years.
Power is what men seek and any group that gets it will abuse it.
In classical times, it was a capital offense to speculate upon the hour of a king's death or upon the identity of his successor.
You can never forget God. If you forget God, he's gon' forget you.
One of the things that binds us as a family is a shared sense of humor.
When I write, what I long for is not more realism or fiction but more courage. That's what I always find myself short on and what I have to struggle to achieve in order that the work might live.
There are two insults no human being will endure: that he has no sense of humor, and that he has never known trouble.
I tried to tell them about the dating process because I'm single now and how horrible it is and how many foolish experiences I had had dating. So I was really selling him hard, but the whole time he really wanted me!
There is overwhelming evidence that the higher the level of self-esteem, the more likely one will be to treat others with respect, kindness, and generosity.
I'm grateful for the opportunities God gave me to minister to people in high places; people in power have spiritual and personal needs like everyone else, and often they have no one to talk to.
We know the threats - from global terrorist networks to the spread of deadly weapons. Yet we also know that embedded in this time of danger is the promise of a new day, if we have the courage and commitment to work together.
Poetry is nearer to vital truth than history.
All Americans are either immigrants or descendants of ancestors who came from somewhere else, including Native Americans. We should all respect and admire immigrants.
When I look at the great athletes, I think of the Kobes and the LeBrons and the Tom Bradys of the world, obviously they take rests and recover, but they also continue to work, too. Working out and keeping up with that, with your conditioning, is another part of health and keeping your longevity throughout the years.
I have immense respect for anyone with a physical deformity and the courage and confidence it takes just to go out in the world.
Humor is something that thrives between man's aspirations and his limitations. There is more logic in humor than in anything else. Because, you see, humor is truth.
Throughout evolution, ostracism was death indeed.
Has there ever been a society which has died of dissent? Several have died of conformity in our lifetime.
Boycotts have been a critical part of social justice in American history, particularly for African-Americans.
When you put on clothes that are fighting against something, you can feel your courage grow. Clothing can set you free.
History and experience tell us that moral progress comes not in comfortable and complacent times, but out of trial and confusion.
I arise full of eagerness and energy, knowing well what achievement lies ahead of me.
At its core, a fair and just society is one where opportunity is open to all - not just those at the top.
Science is constantly proved all the time. If we take something like any fiction, any holy book, and destroyed it, in a thousand years' time, that wouldn't come back just as it was. Whereas if we took every science book and every fact and destroyed them all, in a thousand years they'd all be back because all the same tests would be the same result.
I see little of more importance to the future of our country and of civilization than full recognition of the place of the artist. If art is to nourish the roots of our culture, society must set the artist free to follow his vision wherever it takes him.
I only answer to two people, myself and God.
I try to be positive. I speak to my players about how we have to play, respect the rules. What I have done is always be positive.
The power of the print reviewer is one of those urban myths. There have always been shows that slipped under the critical radar to become popular successes: 'Tobacco Road', 'Abie's Irish Rose' and our old friend 'Spider-Man', which got the worst reviews in theatre history and is still apparently going strong.
I was born into a loving family who was able to provide me with everything.
I was so focused on advancing in my career that I didn't have enough emotional capacity for dating.
Don't tell your kids you had an easy birth or they won't respect you. For years I used to wake up my daughter and say, 'Melissa you ripped me to shreds. Now go back to sleep.'.
Inspirational leaders need to have a winning mentality in order to inspire respect. It is hard to trust in the leadership of someone who is half-hearted about their purpose, or only sporadic in focus or enthusiasm.
I did an A Level in Theatre Studies and had a really inspirational teacher, and then I just went on to university.
I had a friend who was getting married. I said, 'You're getting married - I didn't know about all this!' She said, 'I need health benefits.'
When virtue and modesty enlighten her charms, the lustre of a beautiful woman is brighter than the stars of heaven, and the influence of her power it is in vain to resist.
There is a sacredness in tears. They are not the mark of weakness, but of power. They speak more eloquently than ten thousand tongues. They are the messengers of overwhelming grief, of deep contrition, and of unspeakable love.
I've spoken to over 10,000 guys in my career, so I know what they think when it comes to dating.
It's always amazed me how little attention philosophers, psychologists, or anyone else actually has paid to humor.
The hymn 'Amazing Grace' is so inspirational - I wish I'd written it.
'Texas Chainsaw Massacre' is just one of those movies that's like a page of history. You can't really go wrong. It's a prequel. It's not like number three. Which is really cool, to be the before as opposed to the after.
Work hard, be honest, help people, never give up, love your fellow man and woman, give back to society, and don't ever discriminate.
There is no such thing as death. In nature nothing dies. From each sad remnant of decay, some forms of life arise so shall his life be taken away before he knoweth that he hath it.
My favorite way to unwind is to go for a walk with my husband and the dog at the end of the working day, then we go to our local health club for a swim and to sit by the pool and read for a while.
All happy families resemble one another, each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way.
I wouldn't trade anything for family time. To me, it is more important than everything else, and I have a very deep-rooted belief in it, which is influenced by my Jewish faith. That's a very great source of who I am and what I believe in.
Everything we do should be a result of our gratitude for what God has done for us.
People in real life don't get ballplayers' humor, the way we talk in the clubhouse.
God gave us memory so that we might have roses in December.
Humor can alter any situation and help us cope at the very instant we are laughing.
History's like a story in a way: it depends on who's telling it.
I would like my architecture to inspire people to use their own resources, to move into the future.
It's very difficult to escape your background. You know, I don't think it's necessary to even try to escape it. More and more, I start to think that it's necessary to see exactly what it is that you inherited on both ends of the stick: your timidity, your courage, your self-deceit, and your honesty - and all the rest of it.
Is he alone who has courage on his right hand and faith on his left hand?
I remember when humor was gentle pokes. I used to call it 'arm around the shoulder' humor. Now they go for the jugular and they take no prisoners. It's mean, mean stuff.
My dad is just like everybody else's dad. I see him as kind of a goofy guy with a great sense of humor. I try to get in a battle of wits with him, but he always gets me. I emulate him because I've never seen anyone work as hard as he does.
I got taught respect because if not, somebody's gonna make you respect them.
Silence is the ultimate weapon of power.
I don't wait for people to give me respect. I always give them respect.
We often see discrimination on the basis of color and complexion in society.
Being sent away to boarding school at seven is as great an inspiration as any songwriter could have - to be taken away from one's family and locked away for 10 years. It does create an incredible intensity of emotion.
As human beings, we are vulnerable to confusing the unprecedented with the improbable. In our everyday experience, if something has never happened before, we are generally safe in assuming it is not going to happen in the future, but the exceptions can kill you and climate change is one of those exceptions.
Hemingway was a jerk. I mean he was really a great jerk. He was a good writer, and he did all sorts of things that I would never have the courage to do, but I don't think I'd enjoy being in the same room with him. He's not my kind of person.
I like guys with a sense of humor who smile a lot and are kind.
Congratulations, you have a sense of humor. And to those who didn't: Go stick your head in the mud.
The best time to make friends is before you need them.
If a man can bridge the gap between life and death, if he can live on after he's dead, then maybe he was a great man.
Let it be our delight to find our society in the circle of which Jesus is the center, and let us make those our friends who are the friends of Jesus.
Dad kept us out of school, but school comes and goes. Family is forever.
On Earth Day, we celebrate all the gifts the world and nature make available to us. We recognize our complete dependence on its bounty. And we acknowledge the need for good stewardship to preserve its fruits for future generations.
Civilization is a movement and not a condition, a voyage and not a harbor.
Even God can't save Tamil Nadu if Jayalalithaa comes back to power again.
If you look at the movie 'Belly,' I identify with Sincere the most. I am a gangster. I love my lady to death. I'm not in the game for the wrong reasons. I'm not in the game for the glory. I'm in the game to survive so the people that I love could be straight. I'm a highly intelligent individual.
It is my conviction that becoming economically and socially vulnerable puts you at the mercy of people surrounding you. It is as if you no longer exist as a human being and are no longer worthy of respect.
I don't think about, 'Oh, I'm finally getting my respect,' because I don't care about this.
Our health care system squanders money because it is designed to react to emergencies. Homeless shelters, hospital emergency rooms, jails, prisons - these are expensive and ineffective ways to intervene and there are people who clearly profit from this cycle of continued suffering.
When in doubt, take more time.
The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, drink what you don't like, and do what you'd rather not.
For 200 years we've been conquering nature. Now we're beating it to death.
I'm blessed and I thank God for every day for everything that happens for me.
The secret is to make sure your family comes before anything else, because no matter what you do you've got to come home.
When power leads man toward arrogance, poetry reminds him of his limitations. When power narrows the area of man's concern, poetry reminds him of the richness and diversity of existence. When power corrupts, poetry cleanses.
We must become bigger than we have been: more courageous, greater in spirit, larger in outlook. We must become members of a new race, overcoming petty prejudice, owing our ultimate allegiance not to nations but to our fellow men within the human community.
Goodness, armed with power, is corrupted; and pure love without power is destroyed.
Given the accelerating velocity of history, we should begin charting deliberately the next phase in its trajectory.
If your ego starts out, 'I am important, I am big, I am special,' you're in for some disappointments when you look around at what we've discovered about the universe. No, you're not big. No, you're not. You're small in time and in space. And you have this frail vessel called the human body that's limited on Earth.
Not all moral issues have the same moral weight as abortion and euthanasia. There may be legitimate diversity of opinion even among Catholics about waging war and applying the death penalty, but not... with regard to abortion and euthanasia.
We need to encourage black women to know that they are authors of their own destiny, that they have important stories to tell, and that they are capable, so magically capable, of writing them and creating important pieces of work that will live forever in history.
When someone has cancer, the whole family and everyone who loves them does, too.
My family is more important than my party.
An open society is a society which allows its members the greatest possible degree of freedom in pursuing their interests compatible with the interests of others.
It is in the admission of ignorance and the admission of uncertainty that there is a hope for the continuous motion of human beings in some direction that doesn't get confined, permanently blocked, as it has so many times before in various periods in the history of man.
Experience taught me that working families are often just one pay check away from economic disaster. And it showed me first-hand the importance of every family having access to good health care.
If anyone asks for your autograph they're showing you respect and give it back to them.
Day, n. A period of twenty-four hours, mostly misspent.
It's not easy to leave your hometown and your family and your support system and come out to Los Angeles to - to pursue a dream where the odds are not in your favor.
Everybody believes that capital punishment is wrong, but when they look at certain cases, they're quick to say, 'Put them to death,' or scream 'capital punishment.'
If history is any indication, all truths will eventually turn out to be false.
I love all my fam. I have quite possibly the best dad, mom, and sister in the world.
When I look back over my life it's almost as if there was a plan laid out for me - from the little girl who was so passionate about animals who longed to go to Africa and whose family couldn't afford to put her through college. Everyone laughed at my dreams. I was supposed to be a secretary in Bournemouth.
I believe that investing in our children's development from the earliest age is the single most important contribution we can make to the health and wellbeing of our citizens, their capacity and the future prosperity of our state.
Neither the sun nor death can be looked at with a steady eye.
I went to jail 44 times. I've been beaten and left for dead on the side of the road fighting for freedom... Yet Rosa Parks is better known in history than Ralph David Abernathy. Why is that?
God gave our first parents the food He designed that the race should eat. It was contrary to His plan to have the life of any creature taken. There was to be no death in Eden. The fruit of the trees in the garden was the food man's wants required.
Me and Future, we did 'Dirty Sprite,' 'Ain't No Way Around It,' 'Turn on the Lights.' Every time we record, we're setting bars.
In all the difficult decisions that I made through the course of running Loudcloud and Opsware, I never once felt brave. In fact, I often felt scared to death. I never lost those feelings, but after much practice, I learned to ignore them. That learning process might also be called the courage development process.
I feel like everybody is against Floyd Mayweather. I don't get any respect.
When I first got started in this whole world of online connecting, we were combating this antiquated stereotype of who used online dating, and we really set out to make it popular with millennials. What I find to be so fascinating now is, I'm seeing an inverse in that trend.
Since the middle of the 20th century, more has been learnt about the ocean than during all preceding human history; at the same time, more has been lost.
The future influences the present just as much as the past.
The business of biomedical research is mostly about failure. Few projects we commission will ultimately result in success. But every study we do contributes to the body of knowledge that brings science and society closer to a solution.
A nation is a society united by a delusion about its ancestry and by common hatred of its neighbours.
God is one, greatest of gods and men, not like mortals in body or thought.
The greatest test of courage on earth is to bear defeat without losing heart.
You know, God has a plan for me, and I'm going to follow in his footsteps and just rejoice and be happy.
Much of the misgiving that Muslims feel for the West stems from our strong emphasis on freedom, always a risky enterprise. I've heard some say they would rather rear their children in a closely guarded Islamic society than in the United States, where freedom so often leads to decadence.
I really believe the only way to stay healthy is to eat properly, get your rest and exercise. If you don't exercise and do the other two, I still don't think it's going to help you that much.
We are in the middle of a big swamp of ignorance that is taught by a lot of nonsense, propaganda, absurdity, amalgams. I have a hard time listening to any speech. You feel like you want to stop the TV every two seconds to rephrase them, because it's lie after lie, turning stuff upside down, and you can't follow that. That's the trap.
I try not to put anything political on the forefront of what I'm trying to do creatively. At the same time, I do think it's wonderful when I hear people say that it's inspirational that I'm an Indian woman on camera. My life is very diverse, and my friends are a diverse group of people.
There is nothing as sweet as a comeback, when you are down and out, about to lose, and out of time.
The first principle of a free society is an untrammeled flow of words in an open forum.
A family's love is often the best medicine, and in difficult times, I believe that our military families deserve the option of staying together.
Whether planned or not, humor takes our mind off of our troubles.
I like doing comedy, I like doing drama. Naturally I like to do, I like doing dramas, I like conflict, and when I do a comedy, you know, I've found that, like, romantic comedy is the trickiest one, because often it's neither: it's not romantic and it's not funny. So, like, I like a comedy that's biting. It's biting humor or really quirky humor.
Crafts make us feel rooted, give us a sense of belonging and connect us with our history. Our ancestors used to create these crafts out of necessity, and now we do them for fun, to make money and to express ourselves.
I was court-martialled in my absence, and sentenced to death in my absence, so I said they could shoot me in my absence.
As one of the first editors at 'Outside' magazine in 1975, it was my contention that most American writing going back to James Fennimore Cooper and then through Twain up to Hemingway had been outdoor writing. At that time, adventure writing meant stuff like 'Saga' or 'Argosy.' 'Death Race with the Jungle Leper Army!' That kind of thing.
I wrote a show - just as a joke, actually - and called it 'Bipolar, Bath, & Beyond,' just to bring some humor to it. I wasn't saying to myself that I'll 'come out' with it - I didn't think there was anything to 'come out' with - I was just writing another one-woman show about my life.
Who could refrain that had a heart to love and in that heart courage to make love known?
The soul can split the sky in two and let the face of God shine through.
I've surfed the Web and the whole dating connection. I find that pretty fascinating, but no real leads.
Write about society as news and treat it like sociology.
Lord save us all from old age and broken health and a hope tree that has lost the faculty of putting out blossoms.
I realized I'd built up walls and carried grudges for years. I had a lot of animosity, dating back to when I was growing up, toward people who told me that what I was doing datingwise was wrong.
Let's set aside our political and ideological differences and take a moment to love our families, hug our children, parents and grandparents and through love and respect, strengthen the bonds that made us the greatest nation on Earth.
Dating can be painful, can be great, can be confusing, can be weird, but I don't do it online because I'm not really an online person.
Be modest, be respectful of others, try to understand.
I wish there were two of me and 48-hour days so I could get everything done. But for me, I have to not try and think that everything has to be 100% perfect all the time and leave room for error. As long as my kids feel loved and a priority, everything really is secondary.
Christ tears away the wall of partition, the self-love, the dividing prejudice of nationality, and teaches a love for all the human family.
You can always cope with the present moment, but you cannot cope with something that is only a mind projection - you cannot cope with the future.
In a band with humor, it's easy to be a caricature, especially when you've been around as long as we have. But we sing those songs as genuine as we can, always from the heart. When we do the fish sounds in 'Rock Lobster,' Cindy and I are pouring our hearts out.
We must reinvent a future free of blinders so that we can choose from real options.
We are both disturbed and fascinated by visions of bleak futures, predictions of what might come if we as a society aren't careful.
And you know, whether it's drama or comedy, the best work is based on truth. It's just that, with comedy, the circumstances are just crazy-heightened, and you have these crazy things thrown at you. But you still have to do it truthfully, because that's where the humor comes from. So it's not that difficult to cross over.
It was hugely helpful to me, being South African. I have never felt uncomfortable in posh society because I don't see what it is that I'm meant to be bowing the knee about.
Growing up human is uniquely a matter of social relations rather than biology. What we learn from connections within the family takes the place of instincts that program the behavior of animals; which raises the question, how good are these connections?
But I look at failure as education. In that respect, I am so well-educated.
In the final analysis, poverty is a condition of helplessness - of inability to cope with the conditions of existence in our complex society.
Everyone is flailing through this life without an owner's manual, with whatever modicum of grace and good humor we can manage.
Your peers will respect you for your integrity and character, not your possessions.
It is in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped.
Thank God every morning when you get up that you have something to do that day, which must be done, whether you like it or not.
Drama lives on conflict. If you're trying to deal with social issues seriously, there's no way of avoiding violence, which is so present in society.
I have the courage of my convictions.
I believe there are more instances of the abridgement of freedom of the people by gradual and silent encroachments by those in power than by violent and sudden usurpations.
Trying to tear down the past prohibits you from building up your future.
I don't see the necessity to be friends with anyone you've dated, but definitely out of respect of the time, you have to be kind of respectful, and that's what I try to do.
Whenever I would go to Hrithik's vanity van to chat or rehearse lines, I'd see him working out or watching inspirational videos. One thing that I've learnt from him is that, as an actor, you have to worship your body.
True courage is a result of reasoning. A brave mind is always impregnable.
I've been more or less vegetarian for about 40 years. Health diet really helps. I do meditation every day, and either yoga or sport several times a week.
I was the seventh child in a family of eight siblings. We lost our father very young, and my mother had pretty much single-handedly brought us up.
Although I have a lot of close female friends in my life, my number one is still my mom. Without her, I wouldn't have the values that I have and see the world the way that I do today. She taught me how to appreciate and respect women. She taught me chivalry and how to love a woman and respect their feelings and emotions.
The thing is I think vaccines are one of the greatest medical breakthroughs that we have. I'm a big fan and a great fan of the history of the development of the smallpox vaccine, for example.
I have been very blessed in my life and rewarded with good friends and good health. I am grateful and happy to be able to share this.
In fact, I wouldn't really call this a Gospel album, I call it more an inspirational album.
Take chances, make mistakes. That's how you grow. Pain nourishes your courage. You have to fail in order to practice being brave.
Christmas is the perfect time to celebrate the love of God and family and to create memories that will last forever. Jesus is God's perfect, indescribable gift. The amazing thing is that not only are we able to receive this gift, but we are able to share it with others on Christmas and every other day of the year.
A feminist is a person who believes in the power of women just as much as they believe in the power of anyone else. It's equality, it's fairness, and I think it's a great thing to be a part of.
If you want to lose 40 pounds, you order salad instead of fries. If you want to be a better friend, you take the phone call instead of screening it. If you want to write a novel, you sit down and write a single paragraph. It's scary to make major changes, but we usually have enough courage to take the next right step.
As and when I get into a relationship, I'll flaunt her to the world. I'm looking for a soul mate, and in any case, I'm not very much for casual dating. I'm such a simple guy away from this dating-shating business.
You might not trust me. Please give me a chance and time. I will prove myself for all of you.
First and foremost when you're doing comedy, you gotta be relevant and applicable to the times that you're living in. When you try and just do comedy about who is dating who and lifestyle jokes, it gets tiring after a while. It's hard to be funny in that realm.
When we believe in our thoughts, when we tell ourselves a story, we suffer. 'My husband doesn't respect me.' 'I should be thinner.' Those are stories. When there's no story, there's no suffering.
My original interest in the Nazi holocaust was personal. Both my father and mother were survivors of the Warsaw Ghetto and the Nazi concentration camps. Apart from my parents, every family member on both sides was exterminated by the Nazis.
Airing the family's laundry can make people upset.
In poor countries, we still need better ways to measure the effectiveness of the many government workers providing health services. They are the crucial link bringing tools such as vaccines and education to the people who need them most. How well trained are they? Are they showing up to work?
Jazz is the only music in which the same note can be played night after night but differently each time.
In string theory, all particles are vibrations on a tiny rubber band; physics is the harmonies on the string; chemistry is the melodies we play on vibrating strings; the universe is a symphony of strings, and the 'Mind of God' is cosmic music resonating in 11-dimensional hyperspace.
Beautiful fabrics last; synthetics don't. Certain fabrics, such as linen or cotton, develop their own character over time.
When an individual is protesting society's refusal to acknowledge his dignity as a human being, his very act of protest confers dignity on him.
Solitude is as needful to the imagination as society is wholesome for the character.
If the Christian is a restorationist, a legalist, if he wants everything clear and safe, then he will find nothing. Tradition and memory of the past must help us to have the courage to open up new areas to God.
Good acting is thinking in front of the camera. I just do that and apply a sense of humor to it. You have to trust the audience to get it.
It is possible to become discouraged about the injustice we see everywhere. But God did not promise us that the world would be humane and just. He gives us the gift of life and allows us to choose the way we will use our limited time on earth. It is an awesome opportunity.
If triangles had a god, they would give him three sides.
The purpose of getting power is to be able to give it away.
Gymnastics taught me everything - life lessons, responsibility and discipline and respect.
Get up tomorrow early in the morning, and earlier than you did today, and do the best that you can. Always stay near me, for tomorrow I will have much to do and more than I ever had, and tomorrow blood will leave my body above the breast.
I think you have to have a sense of humor about every movie that you're doing. Your character needs to be relatable in a way that, even when you're doing the most bizarre things, sometimes a bit of tongue in cheek is necessary to keep up the believability of it.
You control your future, your destiny. What you think about comes about. By recording your dreams and goals on paper, you set in motion the process of becoming the person you most want to be. Put your future in good hands - your own.
God is dead. God remains dead. And we have killed him. Yet his shadow still looms. How shall we comfort ourselves, the murderers of all murderers? What was holiest and mightiest of all that the world has yet owned has bled to death under our knives; who will wipe this blood off us? What water is there for us to clean ourselves?
I feel in today's time, you are truly successful if a meme is based on you.
Whatever else is unsure in this stinking dunghill of a world a mother's love is not.
I want to believe that those who have been appointed to accomplish this mission will be totally committed, devoting all their skills and determination to their work. I urge you to lend them your support so that, together, we can build that bright future worthy of our country.
I think people just don't respect women's bodies in general, the bodies of women of color in general.
Sometimes you will think you can't take it another day. But if you hang in there, one step at a time, you will be able to accomplish more than you ever imagine.
A peaceful world requires collective measures for the prevention of war, international cooperation to solve economic and social problems, and respect for human rights.
I absolutely believe in the power of innovative entrepreneurship on every level. That's why I am exploring ways to improve our education system by making it as effective as a private tutor and as engaging as video games.
During the worst days of apartheid, we turned to the church for hope and courage as we fought a righteous struggle for a democratic, non-racial, non-sexist, just, and prosperous South Africa.
Responsibility without power, the fate of the secretary through the ages.
The love of liberty is the love of others; the love of power is the love of ourselves.
Every volcano is a powerful illustration of God's character. He is a Vesuvius of goodness, life, and energy.
No matter how civilized we are and how much society has curbed violent behavior. Human beings still have the same genes they had 10,000 years ago. Our bodies are designed to have a certain amount of physical stress and violence in them. We're designed to run from jaguars and fight to defend our territory.
God Almighty first planted a garden. And indeed, it is the purest of human pleasures.
Many smart folks seem to think that if you just get your metaphors and messages right, you'll win. That if you start describing what you favor as a 'moral value' - 'affordable health care is a moral value' etc., - then you'll appeal to red-state voters.
A sense of humor saves your life, and being able to make friends wherever you go.
The trust the BMW family puts in me means a lot to me.
Sunday morning is time to slob around and perhaps go swimming.
Obviously, I have a lot of memories here... but at the same time I'm going to put all my energies into moving forward and doing my best for the Thrashers.
Make no mistake about it. Bad habits are called 'bad' for a reason. They kill our productivity and creativity. They slow us down. They hold us back from achieving our goals. And they're detrimental to our health.
My friends on Twitter didn't abandon their beliefs or their principles - only their scorn. They channeled their infinitely justifiable offense and came to me with pointed questions tempered with kindness and humor. They approached me as a human being, and that was more transformative than two full decades of outrage, disdain, and violence.
I intend to leave after my death a large fund for the promotion of the peace idea, but I am skeptical as to its results.
Colombian humor is very black, very sarcastic.
First Avenue is one of my favorite places to play. All along, they've treated me with respect.
Sleep is lovely, death is better still, not to have been born is of course the miracle.
I think, at the end of the day, age is just a number. It's like, in real life, I've got friends who are dating someone their age or dating someone who's twice their age, and they're equally in love.
Americans have, at various times, leaned on the FBI for a measure of justice that local and state police couldn't be counted on to deliver, and recoiled in fear at their exercise of raw federal power. That uneasy trust; the combination of need and dread, is the lot that FBI agents live with day to day.
When it comes to dating, I'm straightforward and traditional with a twist.
As you enter positions of trust and power, dream a little before you think.
I tremble for my country when I reflect that God is just; that his justice cannot sleep forever.
I left school to concentrate on racing. It was a family decision between my mum, dad and myself.
But hey, when you live in Watts, you need a little smack to get by, you know what I mean? You need something soft and comfortable in your life, 'cause you're not going to get it from what's around you. And society isn't going to give it to you.
Men must live and create. Live to the point of tears.
Give the peasants neither life nor death.
Rock Hudson wasn't my type. He's a great guy and had a great sense of humor.
History, a distillation of rumour.
Honest good humor is the oil and wine of a merry meeting, and there is no jovial companionship equal to that where the jokes are rather small and laughter abundant.
He was a god, such as men might be, if men were gods.
Fear of serious injury alone cannot justify oppression of free speech and assembly. Men feared witches and burnt women. It is the function of speech to free men from the bondage of irrational fears.
How great is the mystery of the first cells which were one day animated by the breath of our souls! How impossible to decipher the welding of successive influences in which we are forever incorporated! In each one of us, through matter, the whole history of the world is in part reflected.
Society has always to demand a little more from human beings than it will get in practice.
When I approach a band, I want to respect them and be respectful of their music. I'm not gonna say, 'Look, you guys are real hot, so we'll stick you in the movie, and we'll get it in all these stores and all these stations.' That isn't right.
The time your game is most vulnerable is when you're ahead; never let up.
The one thing I've always said: Let your family and close friends be the judge of who you are as a person. Don't worry about being judged by others who don't know you, because your family and close friends know what you're all about, good and bad.
Respect... is appreciation of the separateness of the other person, of the ways in which he or she is unique.
So much of what is best in us is bound up in our love of family, that it remains the measure of our stability because it measures our sense of loyalty. All other pacts of love or fear derive from it and are modeled upon it.
It takes as much courage to have tried and failed as it does to have tried and succeeded.
I have a great deal of respect and admiration for people who put themselves on the line.
Before we are footballers or fans, we are ordinary members of society. We are doctors, lawyers, milkmen, postmen, unemployed people, students... So why are they called racist football fans? Are they just racist for the 90 minutes of a match, when the other six days a week they're not?
I have great respect for the semicolon; it is a mighty handy little fellow.
God is always coming to you in the Sacrament of the Present Moment. Meet and receive Him there with gratitude in that sacrament.
Our nation is built upon a history of immigration, dating back to our first pioneers, the Pilgrims. For more than three centuries, we have welcomed generations of immigrants to our melting pot of hyphenated America: British-Americans; Italian-Americans; Irish-Americans; Jewish-Americans; Mexican-Americans; Chinese-Americans; Indian-Americans.
I'm a fixer, unfortunately. I'm like, 'Oh, I can fix you.' But it's not just guys I'm dating anymore. It's this entire legion of young girls who tell me they need me to maintain any sort of sanity or peace.
If I can't see the humor in it, how am I going to be funny?
The first wealth is health.
The rich are different. Their wants are very high maintenance. They'll pick eye color and hair color, all the way down to what she does for a living, what school she went to. Their list can be extremely long. But at the end of the day, dating is dating, because they're human beings.
Seems like God don't see fit to give the black man nothing but dreams - but He did give us children to make them dreams seem worthwhile.
Having knowledge but lacking the power to express it clearly is no better than never having any ideas at all.
I've always been really dark, and drawn to darker humor. Nothing has been forced, and I don't say anything for shock value.
For he who has health has hope; and he who has hope, has everything.
Start every day off with a smile and get it over with.
I speak Spanish to God, Italian to women, French to men, and German to my horse.
A friend is what the heart needs all the time.
Sir, my concern is not whether God is on our side; my greatest concern is to be on God's side, for God is always right.
Humor does not diminish the pain - it makes the space around it get bigger.
'Carpe Diem' is a phrase that I try to embrace. It means seize the day, to make the most of the present and to give little thought to the past or future. In the time that I have here, I want to love and live life to the fullest while being a positive influence on others. And I want a full life for everyone.
But I think it's more that when you're young, you're invincible, you're immortal - or at least you think you are. The possibilities are limitless, you're inventing the future. Then you get older and suddenly you have a history. It's fixed. You can't change anything. I find that a bit disturbing, to be honest.
All of my work has been about ideas of utopia and dystopia. I think that's what gives America interest. It's many things all at once. It's such a complicated society.
My first priority is time with my family.
Start living now. Stop saving the good china for that special occasion. Stop withholding your love until that special person materializes. Every day you are alive is a special occasion. Every minute, every breath, is a gift from God.
I didn't think that anything is beyond humor - not profane humor, but a good, honest approach to humor.
The thing women must do to rise to power is to redefine their femininity. Once, power was considered a masculine attribute. In fact, power has no sex.
India's infrastructure is pathetic, with frequent electric power breakdowns even in metropolitan cities, dangerously unhealthy water supply in urban areas, a galloping rate of HIV infection, and gaping potholes that dot our national highways.
Cooking is all about people. Food is maybe the only universal thing that really has the power to bring everyone together. No matter what culture, everywhere around the world, people get together to eat.
I think it makes sense to believe in God, but exactly what decision in your life you make differently because of it, I don't know.
When I talk about democratic socialist, I am talking about Medicare, a single payer health care system for the elderly. And in my view, we should expand that concept to all people. I believe that everybody in this country should be entitled to health care as a right.
Let him who would enjoy a good future waste none of his present.
I'm not a particularly dark individual. I have my moments, it's true, but I do have a sense of humor.
My main mistake was to have made an ancient people advance by forced marches toward independence, health, culture, affluence, comfort.
The moment the world falls apart, you start forgetting history and wrongdoings in the past.
Asian Pacific American Heritage Month provides us all an opportunity to reflect upon this community's many contributions and to celebrate its bright future.
The health of the planet is at stake, because the cruelty and the waste that accompanies the slaughter of billions of animals each year literally infects us all. We could consume healthy plant-based food produced at almost infinitely less cost. What does that say, really, about us and what we're doing... to animals and to ourselves?
God and I have a great relationship, but we both see other people.
Always continue the climb. It is possible for you to do whatever you choose, if you first get to know who you are and are willing to work with a power that is greater than ourselves to do it.
I haven't read Ibsen, Shaw, Shakespeare - except 'The Merchant of Venice' in ninth grade. I'm not familiar with 'Death of a Salesman.' I haven't read Tennessee Williams.
These interests of the workers, as the exploited and oppressed, class of society, are the same in all countries.
Dignity is not negotiable. Dignity is the honor of the family.
What I like most about Bolano is his courage.
We've begun to raise daughters more like sons... but few have the courage to raise our sons more like our daughters.
Raising taxes is the last thing we should do amid the weakest economic recovery since World War II. Unfortunately, even if we avoid the full 'Taxmageddon' scenario, President Obama's health care law also contains a new surtax on investment that will take effect in 2013.
The military is a microcosm of American society, so it really is not unusual that they would have Klan people and white supremacy people connected to them.
Halloween might be a time that's renowned for ghosts, but we no longer experience ghosts only on Halloween. In our dating lives, we are now used to being 'ghosted' the whole year round.
I had the worst birthday party ever when I was a child because my parents hired a pony to give rides. And these ponies are never in good health. But this one dropped dead. It just wasn't much fun after that. One kid would sit on him and the rest of us would drag him around.
When you are in prison, you have but one desire: freedom. If you fall ill in prison, you do not think about freedom - you think about health. Health is, therefore, more important than freedom.
I had been on what seemed to be a hiatus to the outside world, but I was actually working very hard on my health, my emotional health, and my business.
I've been kind of embracing my own power and really getting in touch with my inner goddess.
The first time you make something, follow the recipe, then figure out how to tailor it to your own tastes.
My father used to have an expression. He'd say, 'Joey, a job is about a lot more than a paycheck. It's about your dignity. It's about respect. It's about your place in your community.'
The fight against HIV/AIDS cannot be won unless countries take ownership of protecting and supporting the health of communities both near and far.
Power is not only what you have but what the enemy thinks you have.
Life is a great sunrise. I do not see why death should not be an even greater one.
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear, not absence of fear.
I love sushi. Once on Valentine's Day, someone I was dating rocked up at the airport to pick me up with a bag of salmon because I love it so much.
When deeds speak, words are nothing.
The challenge is to stay cool enough to handle the pressure in the moment so that you can succeed in the future.
For the sake of future generations, we must continue to work together to realise a world without nuclear weapons.
I eat a little bit of everything and not a lot of anything. Everything in moderation. I know that's really hard for people to understand, but I grew up in an Italian family where we didn't overdo anything. We ate pasta, yes, but not a lot of it.
I don't believe in any Greatest Generation. I believe in great events. They sweep ordinary people up, expose them to extremes of human behavior and unimaginable tests of integrity and courage, and then deposit them back on the home front.
It may be that our role on this planet is not to worship God - but to create him.
When you solve a problem, you ought to thank God and go on to the next one.
World history is a court of judgment.
I've always believed in a higher power. You can call it God, you can call it Jesus, Krishna, Buddha, Allah, I don't care. I really believe we are all a part of God.
The courage to be is the courage to accept oneself, in spite of being unacceptable.
Well, unfortunately, I have always regretted the fact that I have a temper, but I also have, you know, have great love and respect for all of the people that have worked for me. I think like everything else, this is one of those things that has been blown out of proportion.
There is only one way to happiness and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power of our will.
I get asked, 'How can you have such failures in your films?' Well, what else is life about? There's some sense of constant failure in something. Humor gives you a distance from it.
The God we serve does not seek out the perfect, but instead uses our imperfections and our shortcomings for his greater good. I am humbled by my own limitations. But where I am weak, He is strong.
A phoenix, Beirut seems to always pull itself out its ashes, reinvents itself, has been conquered numerous times in its 7,000-year history, yet it survives by both becoming whatever its conquerors wished it to be and retaining its idiosyncratic persona.
Self-respect is the fruit of discipline; the sense of dignity grows with the ability to say no to oneself.
Soldiers, when committed to a task, can't compromise. It's unrelenting devotion to the standards of duty and courage, absolute loyalty to others, not letting the task go until it's been done.
A mature society understands that at the heart of democracy is argument.
The truth is women use contraception not only as a way to prevent unintended pregnancies, but also to improve their health and the health of their families. Increased access to contraception is directly linked to declines in maternal and infant mortality.
I was reading a book... 'the history of glue' - I couldn't put it down.
Success consists of getting up just one more time than you fall.
I can't not find humor in elements of most parts of life, but at the same time nothing ever seems perpetually funny to me.
The president of General Motors was in a foul humor.
So my humor, I'd say, comes from a mixture of lowbrow comedy shows and highbrow theater. It's an interesting mix.
A successful competition for me is always going out there and putting 100 percent into whatever I'm doing. It's not always winning. People, I think, mistake that it's just winning. Sometimes it could be, but for me, it's hitting the best sets I can, gaining confidence, and having a good time and having fun.
The reason people find it so hard to be happy is that they always see the past better than it was, the present worse than it is, and the future less resolved than it will be.
Of course God will forgive me; that's His job.
There's a certain type of character that you can't help but come in contact with growing up and living in Brooklyn and Long Island. A certain mixture of moxie, heart, and a wise guy sense of humor.
The Patients' Bill of Rights is necessary to guarantee that health care will be available for those who are paying for insurance. It's a part of the overall health care picture.
The breakdown of the black community, in order to maintain slavery, began with the breakdown of the black family. Men and women were not legally allowed to get married because you couldn't have that kind of love. It might get in the way of the economics of slavery. Your children could be taken from you and literally sold down the river.
They say Yogi Berra is funny. Well, he has a lovely wife and family, a beautiful home, money in the bank, and he plays golf with millionaires. What's funny about that?
The One Ford plan drives the business to get PGA, Profitable Growth for All, meaning that every year we increase the profits and cash flow. So how do we do that? We serve all the markets around the world with a complete family of vehicles and use the One Ford Plan.
I know beyond a shadow of a doubt that there is no death the way we understood it. The body dies, but not the soul.
God lets everything happen for a reason. It's all a learning process, and you have to go from one level to another.
A society whose members are united by the fact that they think in the same way in regard to the sacred world and its relations with the profane world, and by the fact that they translate these common ideas into common practices, is what is called a Church. In all history, we do not find a single religion without a Church.
The crown must constantly earn citizens' appreciation, respect and trust.
From there to here, and here to there, funny things are everywhere.
An invasion of armies can be resisted, but not an idea whose time has come.
In any authoritarian society, the possessor of power dictates, and if you try and step outside, he will come after you. This is equally true of Sovietism, of China and of Iran, and in our time it has happened a lot in Islam. The point is that it's worse when the authoritarianism is supported by something supernatural.
The measure of a man is what he does with power.
One who comes to the Court must come to adore, not to protest. That's the new gloss on the 1st Amendment.
I grew up in rural Dixon, CA, and I've been hunting with my father ever since I was a young boy. He taught me how to hunt and shoot, firearm safety, and have respect for the outdoors.
Living is a sickness to which sleep provides relief every sixteen hours. It's a palliative. The remedy is death.
Anyone who knows anything of history knows that great social changes are impossible without feminine upheaval. Social progress can be measured exactly by the social position of the fair sex, the ugly ones included.
After the final no there comes a yes and on that yes the future of the world hangs.
Sportsmanship is definitely an important thing in all sports. In soccer, we all respect each other on such a high level, between Sweden and Brazil and Japan or whatever team it is.
Painting and sculpture are very archaic forms. It's the only thing left in our industrial society where an individual alone can make something with not just his own hands, but brains, imagination, heart maybe.
I am not a passive person, but I chose to fall into a more submissive role in our relationship because I wanted to do everything in my power to make my marriage and family work.
There comes a time when you have to stand up and be counted.
I love women to death.
God is, even though the whole world deny him. Truth stands, even if there be no public support. It is self-sustained.
I suppose there are many, but I cannot imagine ever having a more perfect collaboration than that which Penn-san and I shared. It was based upon mutual trust, respect, and a desire to have our own work pushed to new places. And it always resulted in delight.
Loyalty and devotion lead to bravery. Bravery leads to the spirit of self-sacrifice. The spirit of self-sacrifice creates trust in the power of love.
If the heart stops for more than two minutes, you have massive brain death. There are only two minutes between our conscious world and zero. That's how fragile our consciousness is.
As our parents planted for us, so will we plant for our children. When Charlie and I began our philanthropic journey, we wanted to focus our resources on planting seeds that would help perpetuate Jewish values and traditions for future generations and also contribute to repairing our world.
Vision without action is merely a dream. Action without vision just passes the time. Vision with action can change the world.
Life is better than death, I believe, if only because it is less boring, and because it has fresh peaches in it.
Work, apart from devotion or love of God, is helpless and cannot stand alone.
Failure is only postponed success as long as courage 'coaches' ambition. The habit of persistence is the habit of victory.
Miracles are a retelling in small letters of the very same story which is written across the whole world in letters too large for some of us to see.
Everyone has some inner power that awaits discovery.
An 'unemployed' existence is a worse negation of life than death itself.
I think every girl's dream is to find a bad boy at the right time, when he wants to not be bad anymore.
I have run from a lot of relationships in favor of being alone. And I tend to find men who use their money and status as a dating tool to be unattractive.
The people that are feeding you the information on things that I like - love life, believe in yourself, be motivational, give your time to things and meditate - they're all older people who are well into their 50s and have had careers, and for me, at this point, I'm the young ambassador for this whole lifestyle of making your mentality a reality.
I am tortured when I am away from my family, from my children. I am horribly guilt-ridden.
We reserve our deepest respect and admiration for those who volunteer for service and give their lives to help keep our nation secure.
Women, as they grow older, rely more and more on cosmetics. Men, as they grow older, rely more and more on a sense of humor.
A pun does not commonly justify a blow in return. But if a blow were given for such cause, and death ensued, the jury would be judges both of the facts and of the pun, and might, if the latter were of an aggravated character, return a verdict of justifiable homicide.
Smiling is definitely one of the best beauty remedies. If you have a good sense of humor and a good approach to life, that's beautiful.
If you look at the history of our country over the last 100 years, there have been periods where science and research have been celebrated. They were really kind of held up as heroes in society, which encouraged a generation of people to go into these fields.
Mental health and sobriety is not a straight line, and 'Drag Race' is a family, and we support our family members through anything.
I've met a lot of people who've lost their jobs and they still have a sense of humor.
Not everything happens as we want or desire. It doesn't matter. I'm a fighter, and I'm ready to fight every time.
If you look at a building by Mies van der Rohe, it might look very simple, but up close, the sheer quality of construction, materials and thought are inspirational.
I can imagine no more comfortable frame of mind for the conduct of life than a humorous resignation.
My mother was Irish; she had this great sense of humor, and both my parents loved films. There was a very vibrant discourse about politics and everything that was going on in the world where I grew up. So I was genetically predisposed to go into the performing arts.
To have real success and roots in a society, there has to be a local champion, and hence we believe in identifying a local entrepreneur.
My lifestyle is a consequence of my wounds. I'm the son of my history.
I think faith is incredibly important because you will become overwhelmed with what's happening and you will have waves of grief, but when you turn to your faith, I believe God will give you waves of grace to get through it.
God made the integers; all else is the work of man.
I do kind of marvel at my journey. But at the same time, I look back at a lot of the steps, and maybe not every step, but a lot of the steps, and since I was 12 or 13, I look at the people who helped me and the moments that were inspirational to me, and you can recall what my mindset and what my make-up was at that time to try and be the best.
Striving for success is healthy - but believing you need to succeed the first time around may backfire. Mentally strong people believe failure is part of the process toward a long journey to success. By viewing failure as a temporary setback, they're able to bounce back and move forward with ease.
There were two mentalities, and both mentalities had to change. There was what I called the Afrikaner mind set of the Unionist politicians, which was holding all power in their own hands, and discriminating, and their objective was to protect their identity.
We don't need a weakened government but a strong government that would take responsibility for the rights of the individual and care for the society as a whole.
I can't imagine dating someone famous. I try to stay away from that as much as I can.
Show me a guy who's afraid to look bad, and I'll show you a guy you can beat every time.
I don't sleep. I hate those little slices of death.
Two forms of fat that are vitally important for brain health are cholesterol and saturated fat.
Pleasure is a shadow, wealth is vanity, and power a pageant; but knowledge is ecstatic in enjoyment, perennial in frame, unlimited in space and indefinite in duration.
The only countries that have successfully moved from fossil fuels to low-carbon power have done so with the help of nuclear energy.
You never know God is all you need until God is all you have.
Our awesome responsibility to ourselves, to our children, and to the future is to create ourselves in the image of goodness, because the future depends on the nobility of our imaginings.
I'm still healthy as can be.
I'm not personally obsessed with death. At a certain age, the light that you live in is inhabited by the shades - it 'tis.
If we want a cohesive society, if we want people that are prepared to respect others who are different in our society, I think a number of the race-related issues have been handled in ways which I really abhor.
True health care reform cannot happen in Washington. It has to happen in our kitchens, in our homes, in our communities. All health care is personal.
A person without a sense of humor is like a wagon without springs. It's jolted by every pebble on the road.
Just as we have the power to harm the ocean, we have the power to put in place policies and modify our own behavior in ways that would be an insurance policy for the future of the sea, for the creatures there, and for us, protecting special critical areas in the ocean.
We need to reject any politics that targets people because of race or religion. This isn't a matter of political correctness. It's a matter of understanding what makes us strong. The world respects us not just for our arsenal; it respects us for our diversity and our openness and the way we respect every faith.
Research shows that when women are empowered as political leaders, countries often experience higher standards of living with positive developments in education, infrastructure, and health care.
Nothing has such power to broaden the mind as the ability to investigate systematically and truly all that comes under thy observation in life.
Trust wholly in Christ; rely altogether on His sufferings; beware of seeking to be justified in any other way than by His righteousness. Faith in our Lord Jesus Christ is sufficient for salvation. There must be atonement made for sin according to the righteousness of God. The person to make this atonement must be God and man.
If we can understand that death is not the end but is really a transition into the next life, the great part of life, that frees us up into receiving God's courage and his help.
We all obviously need others to look up to, and be inspirational to us. Ford did a great job as far as putting the presidency back where it belonged, getting the trust back after Nixon. And President Reagan has been one of the most influential presidents.
What I'm asking for is hard. It's easier to be cynical; to accept that change isn't possible, and politics is hopeless, and to believe that our voices and actions don't matter. But if we give up now, then we forsake a better future.
Do we not realize that self respect comes with self reliance?
I have been working as an actor for 16-17 years now. The funny thing is I still feel awkward in communicating with the public as a star. It hasn't been long since my drama 'Goblin' ended, and I'm looking forward for some time to rest.
Trying to predict the future is like trying to drive down a country road at night with no lights while looking out the back window.
A civilized society is one which tolerates eccentricity to the point of doubtful sanity.
The power of population is indefinitely greater than the power in the earth to produce subsistence for man.
I need quick, easy, and healthy meals that can power me through the day. I also try to eat locally grown and organic food as much as possible - it's the best for me and the environment.
All the people I looked up to - Roseanne, Tim Allen, and Jerry Seinfeld - were stand-up comedians who used humor to get TV shows. I'm on TV now, and I'm working towards getting my own show.
Faced with what is right, to leave it undone shows a lack of courage.
Students teach all sorts of things but most importantly they make explicit the courage that it takes to be a learner, the courage it takes to open yourself to the transformative power of real learning and that courage I am exposed to almost every day at MIT and that I'm deeply grateful for.
We owe it to our children to give them a dignified and hopeful future.
There are lots of people I admire and respect, but I don't necessarily want to be like them. I'm too happy being myself.
It's the fashion, I tell you: big, tall women going out with tiny, tiny men.
I spend most of my time at the ranch with my family, and enjoy life - watch the sun come up, watch it go down, thank God for another day, and just be happy.
But constant experience shows us that every man invested with power is apt to abuse it, and to carry his authority as far as it will go.
George Steinbrenner forever changed baseball and hopefully someday we will see him honored in baseball's Hall of Fame as one of the great figures in the history of sports.
'The End of America' details the 10 steps that would-be dictators always take in seeking to close an open society; it argued that the Bush administration had been advancing each one.
Probation is a less-well-known branch of our justice system, compared with, say, police and prisons, but that doesn't make it any less important. Hundreds of thousands of offenders each year are rehabilitated back into society by probation, which is crucial for the public's safety.
For the first time in the history of mankind, one generation literally has the power to destroy the past, the present and the future, the power to bring time to an end.
A lot of people do not muster the courage to live their dreams because they are afraid to die.
Every animal has his or her story, his or her thoughts, daydreams, and interests. All feel joy and love, pain and fear, as we now know beyond any shadow of a doubt. All deserve that the human animal afford them the respect of being cared for with great consideration for those interests or left in peace.
When takers talk about mistakes, they're usually quick to place the blame on other people. Givers are more likely to say 'Here's the mistake I made; I learned the following from it. Here are the steps I'm taking to make sure I don't let people down in the future.'
Weakness is what brings ignorance, cheapness, racism, homophobia, desperation, cruelty, brutality, all these things that will keep a society chained to the ground, one foot nailed to the floor.
If we can't have the courage to tell our constituents, hey, we've got to cut back, then if we can point to something and say, I would like to vote for more benefits for you, but this balanced budget amendment or statutory spending cap or whatever the device is, is preventing me from doing it.
Depression has been called the world's number one public health problem. In fact, depression is so widespread it is considered the common cold of psychiatric disturbances. But there is a grim difference between depression and a cold. Depression can kill you.
Who am I? Not the body, because it is decaying; not the mind, because the brain will decay with the body; not the personality, nor the emotions, for these also will vanish with death.
Courage means standing next to someone you don't always agree with for the betterment of the country.
Past success is no guarantee of future success, so I have learned to be an entrepreneur. I began to produce and direct my own projects.
We had a rule-breaker at Mainz - the club manager Christian Heidel, who had the courage to make me a Bundesliga coach.
If money is tight, or you're on a limited budget, then consider DIY or used gifts. DIY could be something like baked goods for your friends, family, and neighbors. Plus, if you have children, it's a great activity to do with them during the holidays.
Humor is not a mood but a way of looking at the world. So if it is correct to say that humor was stamped out in Nazi Germany, that does not mean that people were not in good spirits, or anything of that sort, but something much deeper and more important.
If you don't know how to die, don't worry; Nature will tell you what to do on the spot, fully and adequately. She will do this job perfectly for you; don't bother your head about it.
I'm happy being deaf. I'm happy with my life and my family.
At the end of the day, the one commonality that both Hindi cinema and Hollywood share is that they are full of talented and inspirational people. Outside of this, there are many differences, from the scheduling and rehearsal to promotion and directing techniques.
I have spent all my life under a Communist regime, and I will tell you that a society without any objective legal scale is a terrible one indeed. But a society with no other scale but the legal one is not quite worthy of man either.
People always want to be on the right side of history; it is a lot easier to say, 'What an atrocity that was' then it is to say, 'What an atrocity this is.'
I have great respect for people's right to believe what they want to believe. And I don't think anybody should be prosecuted or judged based on what their beliefs are.
Success means having the courage, the determination, and the will to become the person you believe you were meant to be.
The so-called lessons of history are for the most part the rationalizations of the victors. History is written by the survivors.
The 'kingdom of Heaven' is a condition of the heart - not something that comes 'upon the earth' or 'after death.'
No event in American history is more misunderstood than the Vietnam War. It was misreported then, and it is misremembered now.
Standing up to bullies is the hallmark of a civilized society.
Time flies. It seems like just yesterday I was playing my first game against Ireland, when I came off the bench, full of energy and flying into tackles, even though I couldn't tackle back then.
It is bitter to lose a friend to evil, before one loses him to death.
Courage and grace are a formidable mixture. The only place to see it is in the bullring.
Somebody says, 'Do a Tom Bodett, a folksy kind of thing,' and it sounds like something out of 'Hee Haw,' very insulting. They turn wry humor into disparaging sarcasm, and you get what amounts to insulting advertising.
You have power over your mind - not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength.
I think chatbots are the future of engagement between a fan and a brand or celebrity.
I am deliberate and afraid of nothing.
Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore.
The call of death is a call of love. Death can be sweet if we answer it in the affirmative, if we accept it as one of the great eternal forms of life and transformation.
So that the record of history is absolutely crystal clear. That there is no alternative way, so far discovered, of improving the lot of the ordinary people that can hold a candle to the productive activities that are unleashed by a free enterprise system.
I've never been a die-hard Beyonce fan. I always thought she was inspirational and beautiful.
By innovating and investing in health technology, we believe that we can really change the future of health.
No evil is honorable: but death is honorable; therefore death is not evil.
There is no life to be found in violence. Every act of violence brings us closer to death. Whether it's the mundane violence we do to our bodies by overeating toxic food or drink or the extreme violence of child abuse, domestic warfare, life-threatening poverty, addiction, or state terrorism.
I am a very approachable and personable person, and I always put myself last. Whether it's family or friends, I always think about them first.
Hopefully, when people see 'Senna', they will understand why this inspirational story needed to be told, why it had to be made as a movie for the big screen, and why it is a film for everyone.
Baseball is about talent, hard work, and strategy. But at the deepest level, it's about love, integrity, and respect.
Integrity of life is fame's best friend, which nobly, beyond death, shall crown in the end.
Life is full of joys and sorrows, much of it our own making. Sadly, the West has voted time and time again for bigger government, more inflation, higher taxes and excessive regulation - all policies that have kept us from Adam Smith's vision of an opulent society.
The more I see of deer, the more I admire them as mountaineers. They make their way into the heart of the roughest solitudes with smooth reserve of strength, through dense belts of brush and forest encumbered with fallen trees and boulder piles, across canons, roaring streams, and snow-fields, ever showing forth beauty and courage.
Often we mistake stability, in terms of security and economic activity, to mean a country is doing well. We forget the third and important pillar: rule of law and respect for human rights.
People spend so much time in their cars, and it's a legal way to have fun by speeding a little bit or testing yourself a little bit, and you get to invest in your car. For some people, it becomes their baby.
It's one thing to show your love for someone when everything is going fine and life is smooth. But when the 'in sickness and in health' part kicks in and sickness does enter your lives, you're tested. Your resilience is tested.
Despair gives courage to a coward.
I like to deal with EVERY aspect of our condition, and that means terror and humor in equal mix. Some books have more room for humor than others.
It is the world's limitations and the myths that we internalize about ourselves that pushes us to diminish our power and ignore it.
I've thought long and hard about this, and I think a lot of the dysfunction around dating has to do with men having the control.
Respect for right conduct is felt by every body.
You can write your own history.
The free market economy is supposed to be the only path leading to the happiness of humanity by promoting wealth and prosperity, power and influence of nations.
When trouble comes, focus on God's ability to care for you.
It is common knowledge that smoking is considered one of the nation's leading causes of preventable death, but it's less widely known that cigarettes are also the leading cause of fatal fires.
I've been treated with the utmost respect by the whitest of white guys, and I've been treated bad by the whitest of white persons. I've been treated bad by the blackest of black persons and treated good by the blackest of black persons. So at the end of the day, I know it's about humanity - do you have a good heart or a bad heart?
The basic Buddhist stand on the question of equality between the genders is age-old. At the highest tantric levels, at the highest esoteric level, you must respect women: every woman.
What I want veterans to know is that VA is here to care for them. VA is a good system - health care wise, safety wise - highly comparable to any other system out there. Our oversight reviews tell us that. I'm very comfortable in the quality of our system.
Call no man happy before he dies, he is at best but fortunate.
The mentality with African and European people is different. In Africa, when you come from a difficult life, when it's not so easy to eat, not so easy to survive, you respect money when you start to earn it, and you respect people more. When you respect people, they will respect you, and your life is better for that.
If you have some respect for people as they are, you can be more effective in helping them to become better than they are.
Lucid dreaming has considerable potential for promoting personal growth and self-development, enhancing self-confidence, improving mental and physical health, facilitating creative problem solving and helping you to progress on the path to self-mastery.
God has cared for these trees, saved them from drought, disease, avalanches, and a thousand tempests and floods. But he cannot save them from fools.
Between our birth and death we may touch understanding, As a moth brushes a window with its wing.
It's important to have strong images of women out there, women who aren't afraid of expressing themselves, women who aren't afraid of taking chances, women who aren't afraid of their own power.
I left my husband and I thought 'I'm never dating ever again.'
Images adorn our inner life and carry great power there.
There's something about Southern women that is so unique yet so universal. Strong southern women are allowed to be soft and feminine and have a sense of humor. But what I love about Southern women in particular is their universality.
In my family, as in all dysfunctional families, instead of parents who act as strong and nurturing role models for their children, you get these needy people who use their children. I was the kid who tried to take on the marriage.
I certainly respect privacy and privacy rights. But on the other hand, the first function of government is to guarantee the security of all the people.
Sleep is that golden chain that ties health and our bodies together.
Making music on TV used to be as common as commercials. In the '60s and '70s, prime time was stuffed with variety shows headlined by such major and treasured talents as Carol Burnett, Red Skelton, the Smothers Brothers and Richard Pryor, who had a very brief comedy-variety hour on NBC that was censored literally to death.
The Sea Shepherd Conservation Society recognizes that the deaths of four sealers is a tragedy, but Sea Shepherd also recognizes that the slaughter of hundreds of thousands of seal pups is an even greater tragedy.
You don't hate history, you hate the way it was taught to you in high school.
I believe that people would be alive today if there were a death penalty.
When you start to develop your powers of empathy and imagination, the whole world opens up to you.
Pleasure without God, without the sacred boundaries, will actually leave you emptier than before. And this is biblical truth, this is experiential truth. The loneliest people in the world are amongst the wealthiest and most famous who found no boundaries within which to live. That is a fact I've seen again and again.
Society is always taken by surprise at any new example of common sense.
Having soon discovered to be great, I must appear so, and therefore studiously avoided mixing in society, and wrapped myself in mystery, devoting my time to fasting and prayer.
I have a family to support. And I'm not always going to be doing exactly what I want to do.
Mother is the name for God in the lips and hearts of little children.
Comedy is simply a funny way of being serious.
It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends.
Lots of companies don't succeed over time. What do they fundamentally do wrong? They usually miss the future.
Death destroys a man, but the idea of death saves him.
Gambling has brought our family together. We had to move to a smaller house.
It is only through labor and painful effort, by grim energy and resolute courage, that we move on to better things.
Discipline is based on pride, on meticulous attention to details, and on mutual respect and confidence. Discipline must be a habit so ingrained that it is stronger than the excitement of the goal or the fear of failure.
My father, who died a few years ago, was a good, simple, very honest man. His faith and affection for his family was just unassailable, without question.
My message is that God is a good God.
All morality consists in a system of rules, and the essence of all morality is to be sought for in the respect which the individual acquires for these rules.
Positive feelings come from being honest about yourself and accepting your personality, and physical characteristics, warts and all; and, from belonging to a family that accepts you without question.
The American culture promotes personal responsibility, the dignity of work, the value of education, the merit of service, devotion to a purpose greater than self, and at the foundation, the pre-eminence of family.
Art Modell was a visionary, a deal-maker and a friend. And he possessed a marvelous sense of humor.
Every night of our lives, we dream, and our brain concocts visions which are, at least until we wake up, highly convincing. Most of us have had experiences which are verging on hallucination. It shows the power of the brain to knock up illusions.
Courage doesn't come by doing what everybody else says. Courage does by what you know is right.
You have got to be the masters of your own financial future.
We already know that the experience of lockdown is a mixed bag. It is increasingly recognised that for many it can be hellish. Enforced leisure - if you are crippled with worry about debts, insecure job prospects, your family's health - is no holiday.
The most memorable interviews for me are folks whose names I don't know: young civil rights leaders in the South, showing great courage as they walked into a town in the dark of night. A doctor working for 'Doctors Without Borders' in Somalia, operating by kerosene light in a tent. Those are the kinds of people that linger in your memory.
Humor is very interesting to me. My films are not comedies, but there's comedy in them from time to time, absurdities, just like in real life.
Every day is a gift from God, no matter how old we are.
Be it high or low, it doesn't matter. I need to stay calm and neutral all the time.
I'm the biggest fighter in the history of the sport. If you don't believe it, check the cash register.
There may be fairies at the bottom of the garden. There is no evidence for it, but you can't prove that there aren't any, so shouldn't we be agnostic with respect to fairies?
There is no royal road to anything, one thing at a time, all things in succession. That which grows fast, withers as rapidly. That which grows slowly, endures.
The most terrible job in warfare is to be a second lieutenant leading a platoon when you are on the battlefield.
While the four-day work week is not yet universal, most citizens enjoy the pleasures of added three-day weekends during the year. These extra days, as well as monthlong vacations, are used in the pursuit of our studies, hobbies and travels - and often all three are indulged at the same time.
In fact when you combine stem cell technology with the technology known as tissue engineering you can actually grow up entire organs, so as you suggest that sometime in the future you get in an auto accident and lose your kidney, we'd simply take a few skin cells and grow you up a new kidney. In fact this has already been done.
The destination is a happy life, an accomplished life that doesn't end with death but with eternal life.
Going to the Kuiper Belt is like an archaeological dig into the history of the solar system.
As humans, we're going to make mistakes. It's what makes us human, and most of the time, the most effective way of learning is from a mistake.
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.
Looking after my health today gives me a better hope for tomorrow.
Woman was God's second mistake.
Society tends to always make multiples - whether it's twins or triplets or whatever - one person. And it's not always fair. I encourage multiples to embrace their individual uniqueness because, just as you are an amazing unit together, that can only happen when you are strong individually.
The real rulers in Washington are invisible, and exercise power from behind the scenes.
Design is the courage and brilliance to cover an original and make it different.
I admire the courage and self-reliance it takes to start your own business and make it succeed.
A myth is far truer than a history, for a history only gives a story of the shadows, whereas a myth gives a story of the substances that cast the shadows.
Our society needs to recognize the unstoppable momentum toward unequivocal civil equality for every gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgendered citizen of this country.
A vibrant civil society can challenge those in power by documenting corruption or uncovering activities like the murder of political enemies. In democracies, this function is mostly performed by the media, NGOs or opposition parties.
Without strength and courage it's really hard to perform at the highest levels of international figure skating, because you're alone on the ice and you only have seven minutes over two nights to prove yourself.
We all live in the same house, we all must be part of the effort to hold down our little house. When you see something that is not right, not fair, not just... do something about it. Say something. Have the courage. Have the backbone. Get in the way. Walk with the wind. It's all going to work out.
Twenty-five million people who live in North Korea are denied freedom in every respect of their lives. In short, they are hostages. Imagine 25 million hostages.
No distance of place or lapse of time can lessen the friendship of those who are thoroughly persuaded of each other's worth.
A woman has to be intelligent, have charm, a sense of humor, and be kind. It's the same qualities I require from a man.
Unprecedented technological capabilities combined with unlimited human creativity have given us tremendous power to take on intractable problems like poverty, unemployment, disease, and environmental degradation. Our challenge is to translate this extraordinary potential into meaningful change.
Why do we need to support the food stamp program? Because low-income families experience unemployment at a far higher rate than other income groups. Because cutting nutritional assistance programs is immoral and shortsighted, and protecting families from hunger improves their health and educational outcomes.
Going home is not necessarily a wonderful experience. It always comes with a sense of loss and makes you so conscious of the inexorable passage of time.
An elusive, enigmatic aura will make people want to know more, drawing them into your circle. Create such a power by hinting at something contradictory within you.
A hybrid human-robot mission to investigate an asteroid affords a realistic opportunity to demonstrate new technological capabilities for future deep-space travel and to test spacecraft for long-duration spaceflight.
If students get a sound education in the history, social effects and psychological biases of technology, they may grow to be adults who use technology rather than be used by it.
Family politics are worse than world politics. That's all I can say. You don't get to choose your family; you get to choose your friends. Your family is imposed upon you.
Judges wear legal professionalism and precedent as a mantel that secures legitimacy for their decisions. It's how they distinguish themselves from politicians or administrative agencies, while wielding power that is sometimes much greater than those democratically accountable actors.
So long as you have food in your mouth, you have solved all questions for the time being.
Life is designed to knock you down. It will knock you down time and time again, but it doesn't matter how many times you fall - it matters how many times you get back up.
The body is a sacred garment.
I have enormous respect for people who are gifted mechanics.
Read no history: nothing but biography, for that is life without theory.
Nothing reflects so much honor on a workman as a trial of his work and its endurance of it. So it is with God. It honors Him when His saints preserve their integrity.
Don't tell me about tolerance. Don't tell me about acceptance. Look at me as the woman that I am and respect that.
You have to like the present; if not your life becomes secondhand, if you think it was better before. Or that it will be better in the future.
I started dating older men, and I would fall in love with them. I thought they could teach me about life.
The music industry as a whole needs to genuinely make a conscious effort to look after people's physical and mental health.
Society cannot exist without law. Law is the bond of society: that which makes it, that which preserves it and keeps it together. It is, in fact, the essence of civil society.
Bullfighting is the only art in which the artist is in danger of death and in which the degree of brilliance in the performance is left to the fighter's honor.
As a shame researcher, I know that the very best thing to do in the midst of a shame attack is totally counterintuitive: Practice courage and reach out!
If you're a good Amish girl, you're courting, you have three or four different beaus, and you go out and stay out all night. That's just their tradition. They date under the covering of night. No one knows who they're dating or seeing until two weeks before they're going to be married. It's how they've done it for 300 years.
I change my mind so much I need two boyfriends and a girlfriend.
Prejudice is a burden that confuses the past, threatens the future and renders the present inaccessible.
As far as humor goes, I've always been a very insecure person and I've always wanted to be liked.
Our birthdays are feathers in the broad wing of time.
It is my idea to make capitalism create socialism in China so that these two economic forces of human evolution will work side by side in future civilization.
Every society gets the kind of criminal it deserves. What is equally true is that every community gets the kind of law enforcement it insists on.
Those who survived the San Francisco earthquake said, 'Thank God, I'm still alive.' But, of course, those who died, their lives will never be the same again.
Sailing a boat calls for quick action, a blending of feeling with the wind and water as well as with the very heart and soul of the boat itself. Sailing teaches alertness and courage, and gives in return a joyousness and peace that but few sports afford.
Every day I feel is a blessing from God. And I consider it a new beginning. Yeah, everything is beautiful.
You learn timing on the road. You learn structure and how to read an audience. You learn so much about the business of laughter that you can't learn on a set, because it's all on you. Sometimes you bomb, and you know not to tell that joke again... You just hope people find the humor in the awkwardness.
I feel monotony and death to be almost the same.
In this world nothing can be said to be certain, except death and taxes.
Whether you're a libertarian liberal or a more egalitarian liberal, the idea is that justice means being non-judgmental with respect to the preferences people bring to public life.
The empires of the future are the empires of the mind.
Each person is an enigma. You're a puzzle not only to yourself but also to everyone else, and the great mystery of our time is how we penetrate this puzzle.
Laughter is the closest distance between two people.
When you do find humor in trying times, one of the first and most important changes you experience is that you see your perplexing problems in a new way - you suddenly have a new perspective on them.
I don't want to be fake. I'm just being me. And I have the power to break stereotypes and whatever useless rules that society puts on us.
Comedy is so hard to do, so it was very cool to do dead pan humor.
Everyone needs an escape, whether that is through music or humor. My personal escape is through both of those things so I thought why not combine them? But not in a cringe way, I don't want to make parody songs. I just want my music to have a humorous edge to it.
I stand for simple justice, equal opportunity and human rights. The indispensable elements in a democratic society - and well worth fighting for.
Thank God I'm an atheist.
God is bigger than people think.
Probably it is impossible for humor to be ever a revolutionary weapon. Candide can do little more than generate irony.
Coincidence is God's way of remaining anonymous.
Anyone who has seen the auto factories in Detroit and the oil fields in Texas knows that Japan lacks the national power for a naval race with America.
If you don't take a Sabbath, something is wrong. You're doing too much, you're being too much in charge. You've got to quit, one day a week, and just watch what God is doing when you're not doing anything.
In cartoons, in movies, time passes differently. There are flashbacks and flashfowards.
I have very little experience with dating websites. My feeling toward dating websites is what most people's is: If it works, great. If you're serious and legitimate about it and know what you're looking for, then from what I hear, it's definitely effective.
Life is a rotten lottery. I've had a pretty amazing life, a good life, and God knows I'm thankful, but I do believe that after 30, stop whining! Everybody's dealt a hand, and it's not fair what you get. But you've got to deal with it.
The fruits of science and innovation have nourished our society and economy for years, but nations unable to navigate our regulatory system are often excluded, as are vulnerable individuals.
The strangest, most generous, and proudest of all virtues is true courage.
I don't think that I could have survived in my family without a naughty sense of humor; yeah, absolutely. I think my brother and I both get our senses of humor from our parents. I mean, my mother was absolutely hilarious and foul. She had the most ridiculously off color sense of humor, so that was sort of what we grew up with.
Appearance is something you should definitely consider when you're going out. Have your girlfriend clip your nails or something like that.
I believe our health care system is in drastic need of innovative, patient-centered reforms that encourage competition and increase consumer choice, not the bloated bureaucracy, tax increases, rationing, and mandates in the president's government takeover.
We are a nation of laws with respect and recognition of the rule of law. We are not an imperialist government with a monarch abiding by the rule of one man.
Happiness resides not in possessions, and not in gold, happiness dwells in the soul.
I listen to these pundits all the time breaking down Trump - 'He's brash, and he's bold, and he's successful' - and none of those are what it is. There's one word to sum it up, and it's courage. He has courage.
My dream is to live a good life and be loving, be close to God and be a good human being and bring peace to people.
The federal government has sponsored research that has produced a tomato that is perfect in every respect, except that you can't eat it. We should make every effort to make sure this disease, often referred to as 'progress', doesn't spread.
The most important thing about power is to make sure you don't have to use it.
You take care of you and your family first. Then you go to your neighborhood, and then you spread it on out within the community.
My role in society, or any artist's or poet's role, is to try and express what we all feel. Not to tell people how to feel. Not as a preacher, not as a leader, but as a reflection of us all.
You have to develop ways so that you can take up for yourself, and then you take up for someone else. And so sooner or later, you have enough courage to really stand up for the human race and say, 'I'm a representative.'
I can't have my family in my life because they are abusive, and I don't have control over that. There is an abusive culture in my family, and I have to turn away from it.
I need a life outside of soccer. So I very much welcome, you know, new love interests and dating and friends and family.
Nothing in life is promised except death.
I did grow up in Kenosha, Wisconsin, around a lot of my mom's family. I had a lot of cousins and aunts and uncles around me, and my sisters and my brother. Probably the most formative part of it was that we grew up on the edge of a forest. It wasn't a big forest, but it was enough. When you're a kid, it feels gigantic.
Whether one believes in evolution, intelligent design, or Divine Creation, one thing is certain. Since the beginning of history, human beings have been at war with each other, under the pretext of religion, ideology, ethnicity and other reasons. And no civilization has ever willingly given up its most powerful weapons.
What can be added to the happiness of a man who is in health, out of debt, and has a clear conscience?
I never wanted to do observational humor because I never wanted to tell people what they were seeing.
At the end of the day, I'm an artist. I may make work and decide to do something political, but it will come out of an artist's position. It won't come out of society telling me I have to. If I do, it's because I choose, as an artist, to do it.
We can learn the art of fierce compassion - redefining strength, deconstructing isolation and renewing a sense of community, practicing letting go of rigid us-vs.-them thinking - while cultivating power and clarity in response to difficult situations.
Through the inspiration of Vaclav's words, the courage of his dissidence and the integrity of his leadership, Czechoslovakia successfully transitioned from an authoritarian state to a free democracy at the heart of Europe.
It often takes more courage to change one's opinion than to keep it.
Using humor as a wedge into different kinds of stories is my go-to. I think anything I do would have some sort of streak of humor in it.
The spread of online information isn't just good for charities. It's also good for donors. You can go to a site like Charity Navigator, which evaluates nonprofits on their financial health as well as the amount of information they share about their work.
I'm a farm boy. If we need five people to haul in hay, we don't take one and just work them to death.
While the crash only took place six months ago, I am convinced we have now passed the worst, and with continued unity of effort, we shall rapidly recover. There is one certainty of the future of a people of the resources, intelligence and character of the people of the United States - that is, prosperity.
Next to the Word of God, the noble art of music is the greatest treasure in the world.
The lover of life makes the whole world into his family, just as the lover of the fair sex creates his from all the lovely women he has found, from those that could be found, and those who are impossible to find.
We can win respect in the world only if we are strong internally and can banish poverty and unemployment from our country.
These fallen heroes represent the character of a nation who has a long history of patriotism and honor - and a nation who has fought many battles to keep our country free from threats of terror.
It doesn't matter who likes you or doesn't like you, all that matters is that God likes you. He accepts you, he approves of you.
Pray in your family daily, that yours may be in the number of the families who call upon God.
You get racism crossing the street; it's in the very fabric of American society.
You will never do anything in this world without courage. It is the greatest quality of the mind next to honor.
One thing you have got to do politically is to identify the ties that bind society together and try to strengthen them.
You end up as you deserve. In old age you must put up with the face, the friends, the health, and the children you have earned.
Your family are people you lean on and learn from. When I told my family I wanted to do music, they were really supportive.
When we go to see comedians or funny movies, they don't address the wall behind them; they face us. This is why a game's first job is to entertain through gameplay and secondarily through humor, drama, or other traditional entertainment devices. The humor has to be a gentleman. I mean, it needs to be squeezed in around the game.
A woman is handicapped by her sex, and handicaps society, either by slavishly copying the pattern of man's advance in the professions, or by refusing to compete with man at all.
If human beings had genuine courage, they'd wear their costumes every day of the year, not just on Halloween.
We were told by President Obama that in respect of international trade, we would have to get to the back of the queue - not a position that America normally requires the United Kingdom to be in when it comes to other matters, such as the Iraq War.
I have a complex feeling about genre. I love it, but I hate it at the same time. I have the urge to make audiences thrill with the excitement of a genre, but I also try to betray and destroy the expectations placed on that genre.
Mankind must remember that peace is not God's gift to his creatures; peace is our gift to each other.
I'm not here to impose Sharia law, and I'm not here to have a message about disability being inspirational - I'm here to make people laugh. But when I can layer things and make people not only laugh but question, make people not only laugh but be offended... I have to do that.
Let us go forth with fear and courage and rage to save the world.
Linux is only free if your time has no value.
Death in itself is nothing; but we fear to be we know not what, we know not where.
And now, once again, I bid my hideous progeny go forth and prosper. I have an affection for it, for it was the offspring of happy days, when death and grief were but words, which found no true echo in my heart.
Happiness is being content with what you have, living in freedom and liberty, having a good family life and good friends.
Individual commitment to a group effort - that is what makes a team work, a company work, a society work, a civilization work.
Let every dawn be to you as the beginning of life, and every setting sun be to you as its close.
We know that the way to decrease unplanned pregnancies and abortions is to make birth control and family planning services accessible and affordable, not micromanage the type of medical information and reproductive health counseling that women around the world receive.
The triumph of persuasion over force is the sign of a civilized society.
One of the things that made Epic strong when I wrote the original code was that it never occurred to me to do anything other than put the patient at the center. I developed a clinical system at a time when the health care world had pretty much only billing and lab systems available.
The whole point of the kingdom of God is Jesus has come to bear witness to the true truth, which is nonviolent. When God wants to take charge of the world, he doesn't send in the tanks. He sends in the poor and the meek.
Truth is like the sun. You can shut it out for a time, but it ain't goin' away.
I hope that at the end of the seven years, people will say that I have been of some inspirational value to them at home in terms of inclusiveness and abroad, I look forward to representing Ireland.
Speaking French is good for me and also a mark of respect for the PSG institution.
Always read something that will make you look good if you die in the middle of it.
Tomorrow is only found in the calendar of fools.
Have courage for the great sorrows of life and patience for the small ones; and when you have laboriously accomplished your daily task, go to sleep in peace.
I guess there are all these women with a big secret - they're hiding men they are ashamed of. They come up to me and say: 'I've been dating this guy for six months in secret but none of my friends know. I can't give him up even though he's embarrassing.'
There are certain things I learned when I first started learning about acting, to try and place the character physically and emotionally. And the way you place them emotionally is often with humor.
To me poverty, mental health, and addictions don't sound like criminal justice problems. They sound to me like a social justice problem.
There is no surprise more magical than the surprise of being loved: It is God's finger on man's shoulder.
I find that people find a way out of misery through humor and it's humor that's often unacceptable to people who are not in quite such a state of misery.
I think great humor lies in playing the truth of a situation. I see myself as a performer and that applies to a Greek drama or a modern comedy.
The future of architecture is culture.
A child who is allowed to be disrespectful to his parents will not have true respect for anyone.
Why can't Google, which likes to see itself as a 'Don't Be Evil' benevolent force in society, just write us a big check for using our stories, so we can keep checks and balances alive and continue to provide the search engine with our stories?
If you're going to vote on a television contract, there is a certain rationality to saying that the same structures that are applied to Health Plan participation should be placed on the right to vote on a strike.
There is no higher value in our society than integrity.
I think what is important for things to be funny is if you the listener, or the reader, get a chance to supply the humor of it yourself.
Mary Tyler Moore was a working woman whose story lines were not always about dating and men. They were about work friendships and relationships, which is what I feel my adult life has mostly been about.
Cherish your human connections: your relationships with friends and family.
Power in America today is control of the means of communication.
Resignation is the courage of Christian sorrow.
Many highly intelligent people are poor thinkers. Many people of average intelligence are skilled thinkers. The power of a car is separate from the way the car is driven.
History will dictate what my legacy is. And 'maverick' is fine, because I am.
The true meaning of feminism is this: to use your strong womanly image to gain strong results in society.
Cease to inquire what the future has in store, and take as a gift whatever the day brings forth.
Your job is not just to do what your parents say, what your teachers say, what society says, but to figure out what your heart calling is and to be led by that.
The future of humanity is going to bifurcate in two directions: Either it's going to become multiplanetary, or it's going to remain confined to one planet and eventually there's going to be an extinction event.
When I wake up every morning, I thank God for the new day.
From drug companies to health insurers to Wall Street banks, big corporations are spending millions to buy influence in Washington and drown out the voices of regular people.
The first thing out of Fidel Castro's mouth to me, he looked me right in the eye and said, 'You're a man of great courage.'
I was planning on my future as a homeless person. I had a really good spot picked out.
I did feel support right from the start from LeBron. He's always shown me a great deal of respect dating back to our battles when I was in Indiana and competing with the Heat in the conference finals, and coaching him in the All-Star Game.
I think first and foremost everybody should understand that Canadians are strongly committed to the system of universal health insurance, to the principle that your ability to pay does not determine your access to critical medical service.
We submit to the majority because we have to. But we are not compelled to call our attitude of subjection a posture of respect.
The Chinese people have only family and clan groups; there is no national spirit. Consequently, in spite of four hundred million people gathered together in one China, we are, in fact, but a sheet of loose sand.
The worst pandemic in modern history was the Spanish flu of 1918, which killed tens of millions of people. Today, with how interconnected the world is, it would spread faster.
God's got you in the palm of His hand. You won't leave one second before your time. If God wants you to be here, then you're going to be here.
I dated a lot, but I never really had anyone who was worthy of an anniversary. And most girlfriends never made it to a year, anyway.
Discrimination and prejudice of any kind have no place in sports or in our society.
To bathe a cat takes brute force, perseverance, courage of conviction - and a cat. The last ingredient is usually hardest to come by.
We must reject the idea that every time a law's broken, society is guilty rather than the lawbreaker. It is time to restore the American precept that each individual is accountable for his actions.
One death is a tragedy; one million is a statistic.
There is no work, however vile or sordid, that does not glisten before God.
I make fun of situations and try and find the humor in things, but it's never at the expense of the other guy.
I also like men who like dogs. I couldn't date a man who doesn't like my dog.
My favorite room in the house is the living room. We have two big couches, six recliners and over 20 pillows. It's a really comfortable place to hang out with my family.
I am fourth-generation deaf, which means everyone in my immediate family is deaf. So I grew up always having 100 percent accessibility to language and communication, which was wonderful and something so many deaf people don't have.
Always have a sense of humor about life - you'll need it - but always be courteous to boot.
There is a certain kind of respect for authenticity today that there wasn't back in the days when they did 'Cleopatra,' where everything looked like a giant motel. People want to have it be authentic in the look, and authentic in the way people behave.
I read the script and decide if a particular character looks fun to play. I look for complexity and a sense of humor. Those are crucial, real things to life.
Evolution is a bankrupt speculative philosophy, not a scientific fact. Only a spiritually bankrupt society could ever believe it. Only atheists could accept this Satanic theory.
Who doesn't love 'Frogger?' It draws its power from our shared memories of powerlessness. Wherever we are now, at one time or another we have all felt the poor frog's anxiety in the face of the world's intransigence, its blind and callous disregard for our happiness or well-being.
Every single one of us deserves access to quality, affordable health care.
I believe in God and his son, Jesus.
For most of history, Anonymous was a woman.
Ted Kennedy will go down in history as one of the giants of the U.S. Senate and one the most accomplished legislators in American history.
The tallest Trees are most in the Power of the Winds, and Ambitious Men of the Blasts of Fortune.
Steve Irwin did wonderful conservation work but I was uncomfortable about some of his stunts. Even if animals aren't aware that you are not treating them with respect, the viewers are.
One thing I've learned through all the ups and downs is that if you're doing things right, then you have a core group of people. Not just a core group like your homies or your buddies, but a group of people that has a good influence on you, who you respect and admire, and you know that if they're on your side, you're doing something right.
Do the thing we fear, and death of fear is certain.
Every good relationship, especially marriage, is based on respect. If it's not based on respect, nothing that appears to be good will last very long.
Ingenuity, plus courage, plus work, equals miracles.
I don't understand the whole dating thing. I know right off the bat if I'm interested in someone, and I don't want them to waste their money on me and take me out to eat if I know I'm not interested in that person.
I take a massage each week. This isn't an indulgence, it's an investment in your full creative expression/productivity/passion and sustained good health.
It is time to get drunk! So as not to be the martyred slaves of Time, get drunk; get drunk without stopping! On wine, on poetry, or on virtue, as you wish.
Deep Throat's information, and in my view, courage, allowed the newspaper to use what he knew and suspected.
Think about scary movies: There's a fine line between horror and humor.
I used to work for the World Health Organisation in poor countries all over the world - Bangladesh, Korea, the Philippines and India. You learn a whole range of things about how other people are living and try to connect with them to gain an understanding of where they're coming from.
That's what my life has come down to - how can I have fun for me, be with my friends and my family, and how can I help other people.
In our culture we have such respect for musical instruments, they are like part of God.
I would change policy, bring back natural grass and nickel beer. Baseball is the belly-button of our society. Straighten out baseball, and you straighten out the rest of the world.
People are increasingly realising that what they eat is important. You can't put junk food in your body and be healthy. All sorts of problems can develop, like diabetes, heart disease, obesity, strokes. Gardening not only helps with exercise and mental health, but it can improve diet as well.
Even gang members imagine a future that doesn't include gangs.
I know there are nights when I have power, when I could put on something and walk in somewhere, and if there is a man who doesn't look at me, it's because he's gay.
I worked with Stanley Kubrick for almost a year back in 1990, trying to develop the screen story for his project 'Artificial Intelligence,' which is about a robot boy who wishes to become a real boy, a future scientific fairy tale inspired in the myth of Pinocchio.
For life and death are one, even as the river and the sea are one.
When a chick has a sense of humor, there's nothing more attractive.
When I'm not writing or tweaking my computer, I do embroidery. When I'm not plunging into the past, tweaking, or embroidering, I'm reading books about history, computers, or embroidery.
I got to know E'Dawn when he was a trainee, and since becoming friends after performing together, we began dating in May 2016. We began dating after working on our music together.
The respect for human rights is nowadays not so much a matter of having international standards, but rather questions of compliance with those standards.
I do believe in God. But you won't find me visiting temples every now and then. I believe in self-realization. Peace of mind matters a lot to me. What's the point in doing something just for the sake of it? I'd rather do something I like doing as long as I'm being true to myself.
I look forward to death with great anticipation, to meeting God face to face.
The secret to the movie business, or any business, is to get a good education in a subject besides film - whether it's history, psychology, economics, or architecture - so you have something to make a movie about. All the skill in the world isn't going to help you unless you have something to say.
I have already seen death, and I know that death is supporting me in my cause of education. Death does not want to kill me.
Every day sees humanity more victorious in the struggle with space and time.
One of the most overwhelming things about dating is imagining going on an entire dinner date for an evening with someone you don't even know you have chemistry with yet.
Life is short, and time just flies by, so I love those moments when we're all sitting around the table together laughing and joking.
Men and women must be educated, in a great degree, by the opinions and manners of the society they live in.
I do believe that any sort of electromagnetic energy that can be measured beyond the moment of death is, by the definition of energy, eternal. But I cop to the fact that calling it a 'soul' and presuming it sustains our consciousness in any form is, to put it kindly, a leap.
Trans people deserve something vital; they deserve your respect. From that respect comes a more compassionate community.
The best companies in the world have all had predecessors. 'YouTube' was a dating site. You always have to evolve into something else.
I believe the biggest stigma right now, with mental health, is that a lot of men are not talking about it.
My wife and I have a schizophrenic son. We didn't want to accept this for 30 years, so we put him under great pressure when we shouldn't have. He just wanted to be looked after, and we didn't respect that. We tried to make him independent.
We all have a choice. We can create transformational action that will safeguard the living conditions for future generations. Or we can continue with our business as usual and fail.
I believe there is a time for everything. Time changes, and you need to accept that. Else, you stagnate.
It's a hard business this dating business! Love is complicated!
Death and genitals are things that frighten people, and when people are frightened, they develop means of concealment and aggression. It is common sense.
My wife Cecily Adams was dying of cancer, my daughter Madeline was struggling to overcome an autism diagnosis, and my father was dying, all at the same time. Writing the journal was a cathartic experience, and an extremely positive one.
Governors normally have jurisdiction over public health emergencies, but a widespread biological attack would cross state boundaries.
Being appointed as the next Gewandhauskapellmeister of the Gewandhausorchester is a completely overwhelming honour. This extraordinary orchestra and its wonderful musicians are unique in so many respects, and particularly in their creation of an exceptional sound world based on outstanding tradition that is, at its heart, inspirational.
The kitchen is the heart of every home, for the most part. It evokes memories of your family history.
Keep on beginning and failing. Each time you fail, start all over again, and you will grow stronger until you have accomplished a purpose - not the one you began with perhaps, but one you'll be glad to remember.
Dating shows should exist for people who aren't straight. They're out there, there aren't enough of them. Whether you try and squeeze a format that already works into something else. I don't know.'
We have it in our power to begin the world over again.
Let us dream of tomorrow where we can truly love from the soul, and know love as the ultimate truth at the heart of all creation.
Love and hate have a magical transforming power. They are the great soul changers. We grow through their exercise into the likeness of what we contemplate.
When spirituality is the basis of your life, it gives you the strength, wisdom and courage to surmount the many storms of life that could destroy a weaker person who doesn't have this foundation.
The winner of the hoop race will be the first to realize her dream, not society's dream, her own personal dream.
We want to make sure that we incentivize the health care system to be designed to provide you the best quality health care possible.
You know the trait of a crocodile, don't you? It never hunts outside water. It always goes into the water to catch its prey. It never goes in the villages or in the bush looking for food. It strikes at the appropriate time. So a good guerrilla leader strikes at the appropriate time.
Rank does not confer privilege or give power. It imposes responsibility.
We have to dare to modernize to get room to maneuver for the priorities in the future.
If you believe in prayer at all, expect God to hear you. If you do not expect, you will not have. God will not hear you unless you believe He will hear you; but if you believe He will, He will be as good as your faith.
,what saved my life was my husband. He nursed me back to health, and he continues to do that to this day. It's not easy to be married and to have a relationship with someone with mental illness.
Wit is an explosion of the compound spirit.
Scientists have this stigma of being guys or women in white lab coats with no sense of humor, no passion, devoid of all emotion, and that has been the complete opposite of the scientists I've met.
The earth is rocky and full of roots; it's clay, and it seems doomed and polluted, but you dig little holes for the ugly shriveled bulbs, throw in a handful of poppy seeds, and cover it all over, and you know you'll never see it again - it's death and clay and shrivel, and your hands are nicked from the rocks, your nails black with soil.
I do believe we're all connected. I do believe in positive energy. I do believe in the power of prayer. I do believe in putting good out into the world. And I believe in taking care of each other.
Not necessity, not desire - no, the love of power is the demon of men. Let them have everything - health, food, a place to live, entertainment - they are and remain unhappy and low-spirited: for the demon waits and waits and will be satisfied.
I have a good sense of humor. I think everything we do should have whimsy in it.
Antibiotics are a very serious public health problem for us, and it's getting worse. Resistant microbes outstrip new antibiotics. It's an ongoing problem. It's not like we can fix it, and it's over. We have to fight continued resistance with a continual pipeline of new antibiotics and continue with the perpetual challenge.
Then I despair... I remember that all through history, the way of truth and love has always won. There have been murderers and tyrants, and for a time they can seem invincible. But in the end they always fall. Think of it always.
There is no excuse for perjury - never, never, never. There is truth, and the truth demands respect.
My family was quite poor, and the NHS was recruiting people from abroad to do psychiatric nursing. It was the only hope I had to leave Hong Kong.
What is the benefit of fasting in our body while filling our souls with innumerable evils? He who does not play at dice, but spends his leisure otherwise, what nonsense does he not utter? What absurdities does he not listen to? Leisure without the fear of God is, for those who do not know how to use time, the teacher of wickedness.
Music is God's gift to man, the only art of Heaven given to earth, the only art of earth we take to Heaven.
The Internet is the most important single development in the history of human communication since the invention of call waiting.
Unjust. How many times I've used that word, scolded myself with it. All I mean by it now is that I don't have the final courage to say that I refuse to preside over violations against myself, and to hell with justice.
Ironically, women who acquire power are more likely to be criticized for it than are the men who have always had it.
Through our Building Bridges dialogues at Accenture, where we have brought together people from diverse backgrounds to have sometimes difficult conversations, such as around race, I have experienced the power of storytelling to help people from diverse backgrounds understand each other.
As knowledge increases, wonder deepens.
The Bible is a revelation of the mind and will of God to men. Therein we may learn, what God is.
The Environmental Protection Agency's first-ever limits on carbon pollution from power plants will create clean- energy jobs, improve public health, bring greater reliability to our electric power grid, bolster our national security, demonstrate the United States' resolve to combat climate change and maybe even reduce our utility bills.
If you need me to tell you that if you serve God, you'll get a Mercedes, you're lost.
Coal mining is an industry rife with mismanagement, corruption, greed and an almost blatant disregard for the safety, health and quality of life of its work force. Everyone knows this. Everyone has always known it.
Computers are scary. They're nightmares to fix, lose our stuff, and, on occasion, they crash, producing the blue screen of death. Steve Jobs knew this. He knew that computers were bulky and hernia-inducing and Darth Vader black. He understood the value of declarative design.
Honestly, Tarek and I met through work, so we worked together before we even started dating - it's our normal.
But it was this tough little character part that I was playing, a very funny little guy that I invented over a weekend, because I realized I was not contributing to the humor of this thing. And I had to do something.
I'm in love with red. I think it's such a passionate color. Every flag of every country pretty much has red it it. It's power, there's no fence sitting with red. Either you love it or you don't. I think its blood and strength and life. I do love red. I love all colors. Great shades of blue, you find them in nature. They're all magic.
Inside, I've got a real purist desire and dream about the music. I like the idea of being able to carve out a kind of magical, colourful, artistic, inspirational life. And the reality just turns out to be quite different, working with the business to bring this thing you have created into the world.
A man is a god in ruins. When men are innocent, life shall be longer, and shall pass into the immortal, as gently as we awake from dreams.
I took some time out for life.
It's hard for me to find a script that's perfectly suited to me, so even if it's a good script, I'll still have to work on it with someone and shape it, making it the film that I want to make. So in that respect, I prefer to do the stuff that I've generated anyway.
A gender-equal society would be one where the word 'gender' does not exist: where everyone can be themselves.
Remember, social progress only happens when those in society's privileged classes choose to give up their status.
Liberty is not the power of doing what we like, but the right to do what we ought.
One positive command he gave us: You shall love and honor your emperor. In every congregation a prayer must be said for the czar's health, or the chief of police would close the synagogue.
Communism is Soviet power plus the electrification of the whole country.
As I mentioned previously, the tools that allow for optimum health are diet and exercise.
My family comes from Panama, and I grew up in a single parent household with my mother, who barely spoke English. She couldn't get a good job, yet there were four of us for her to raise.
Last time I was in London, I visited Number 5, Bruton Street, which is the address I gave to Violet Bridgerton, the matriarch of the Bridgerton clan in my novels. It was a bit disconcerting to learn that it's actually a pub.
Between stimulus and response there is a space. In that space is our power to choose our response. In our response lies our growth and our freedom.
The chief condition on which, life, health and vigor depend on, is action. It is by action that an organism develops its faculties, increases its energy, and attains the fulfillment of its destiny.
The reason I like the criminal justice system is there aren't Republican or Democrat victims or police officers or prosecutors. It's about respect for the rule of law!
I'm not the girl who always has a boyfriend. I'm the girl who rarely has a boyfriend.
I have nightmares that I'm going to wake up, and everyone's driving a Prius and living in a condo, and we're all getting health insurance.
I've always put my family first and that's just the way it is.
The United States is the world's best hope, but if you fetter her in the interests and quarrels of other nations, if you tangle her in the intrigues of Europe, you will destroy her power for good and endanger her very existence.
Tradition means taking account of a wonderful history but remembering that everybody today looks to the future.
All our sweetest hours fly fastest.
The first time I was pregnant, Kanye and I were dating, and I was just being introduced to the world of fashion. I wanted to work with a bunch of different stylists, and when you work with a new stylist, everyone wants to possess your look.
Even the securest financial plan and the finest health coverage aren't enough to hold us steady when the challenges come... We need something more, something deeper and unshakeable, something that will see us through life's hard times.
Teaching man his relatively small sphere in the creation, it also encourages him by its lessons of the unity of Nature and shows him that his power of comprehension allies him with the great intelligence over-reaching all.
It is true that power corrupts. The hope at the polling stations and the actions of the elected representatives, unfortunately, often turn to be opposite. The power of ballot turns into the power of wallet. Some law-makers become law-breakers.
In high drama or high tragedy or anything, it's not really human unless there's some humor at the same time. And vice versa. So I guess I tend to gravitate towards projects which tread a dodgy tightrope between two things, which aren't really one or another.
Google is not my friend. I've been way too open in my career. Google has killed any shot I have on the dating apps.
History is a pack of lies about events that never happened told by people who weren't there.
They might in the future more than ever before engage in hunting beavers.
You see, God helps only people who work hard. That principle is very clear.
Keep a good attitude and do the right thing even when it's hard. When you do that you are passing the test. And God promises you your marked moments are on their way.
I used to know things intellectually, but now I feel them. Now I feel that my body is part of nature, so being sick is just a process of nature, and death is a process of nature, and being reborn through the soil is a process of nature.
I can relax with bums because I am a bum. I don't like laws, morals, religions, rules. I don't like to be shaped by society.
A man's man is respectful, he's honorable, he's loyal, he's sensitive, he's strong, he's tough, he's well-groomed, he has a sense of humor - and he takes care of himself and his lady.
There's no mystique to acting. It's only common sense - and a bit of courage.
I can buy anything I want now. It hasn't changed me personally. It just changed what I can do for myself and my family.
Accounting for the unpaid care economy can drive progressive policies such as paid family leave, social security credits for early childcare, tax credits, and quality early childhood education.
The life of the dead is placed in the memory of the living.
I support concrete and progressive immigration reform based on three primary criteria: family reunification, economic contributions, and humanitarian concerns.
You know, I don't know what the future will bring, but I'm ready for whatever comes!
Self-reverence, self-knowledge, self-control; these three alone lead life to sovereign power.
Time is the most valuable thing on earth: time to think, time to act, time to extend our fraternal relations, time to become better men, time to become better women, time to become better and more independent citizens.
Many that live deserve death. And some that die deserve life. Can you give it to them? Then do not be too eager to deal out death in judgement. For even the very wise cannot see all ends.
When I wrap my hands, I do it for my family. I owe my courage to them and also my success. That's why I fight.
'White Material' is about courage and craziness.
I like work, I like song writing, and I like the history of Atlantic Records. They've sat in the studio with so many artists - like Ray Charles, for example - and created something amazing. As a label, they seem to be great at growing bands rather than telling you how to do it.
Most of Roosevelt's innovations have been the law of the land for 70 years now, and yet we are still a free society free enough, that is, to allow tens of thousands of protesters to gather on the National Mall and to broadcast their slogans and speeches to the world via C-SPAN.
I'm opening up my heart to the idea of dating. It's funny - my friends would always come to me for romantic advice. I know nothing, and things have changed since I was dating in high school! I'm really trying hard to spend this time working on myself.
They always say, 'Time heals.' But it really doesn't. You just get used to it. I live life with the mentality of 'OK, I lost the only thing that has ever been important to me.' So going forward, anything bad that happens can't be nearly as bad as what happened before.
A sense of humor is good for you. Have you ever heard of a laughing hyena with heart burn?
Advertising reflects the mores of society, but it does not influence them.
I never worry about people not taking my work seriously as a result of the humor. In the end, the comic's best trick is the illusion that comedy is effortless. That people imagine what he's doing is easy is an occupational hazard.
I don't have the best dating track record.
I love cooking for myself and cooking for my family.
We all pay for life with death, so everything in between should be free.
Having a sense of humor has served me more than it has hurt me - just in the sense that it has allowed me to keep my sanity.
I wish I was dating one of the ladies in 'Bollywood Hero.' They're gorgeous. Any of them.
About the time we can make the ends meet, somebody moves the ends.
I pray God may preserve your health and life many years.
Love and business and family and religion and art and patriotism are nothing but shadows of words when a man's starving!
If something's important to you, you make time for it.
None speak of the bravery, the might, or the intellect of Jesus; but the devil is always imagined as a being of acute intellect, political cunning, and the fiercest courage. These universal and instinctive tendencies of the human mind reveal much.
I have never believed much in luck, and my sense of humor has tended to walk on the dark side.
Happiness is determined by factors like your health, your family relationships and friendships, and above all by feeling that you are in control of how you spend your time.
The air pollution in Delhi has become a matter of public health concern nationally and internationally.
Just as physical exercise is a well-known and well-accepted means to improve health for anyone, regardless of age or background, so can the brain be put 'into shape' for optimal learning.
Without humor, I cannot go on and I doubt many of my readers would go on either. Humor is so important. I am here to have fun here with my work.
Some people say my humor focuses too much on stereotypes. It doesn't. It focuses on facts.
We certainly will prepare consciously and professionally, but still you cannot predict the future.
Early in my career, I didn't want to disappoint my colleagues, clients, or family. So I said yes to everything. This ended up raising my stress level and shortchanging everyone else - including myself - because I couldn't give anyone 100 percent of my time, nor could I pay close attention.
I just want to grow old with a man who takes care of me, and I want to eventually have kids and want them to be good children to me. Just want to be treated nice and have respect.
Smiles, tears, of all my life! - and, if God choose, I shall but love thee better after death.
In bourgeois society capital is independent and has individuality, while the living person is dependent and has no individuality.
Despite Arizona's remarkable growth in recent years, we have met the current federal health standards for ozone pollution and the Environmental Protection Agency recently approved our dust control plan.
My mom is just authentically herself all the time. She loves herself. She loves her sense of humor. She brings people in when she talks. She brings people in when she laughs. Watching her, I think that that's when I first learned and was encouraged to be myself and to sort of love and live in that way.
When I'm not the Tiger Mom, I'm a professor at Yale Law School, and if one thing is clear to me from years of teaching, it's that there are many ways to produce fabulous kids. I have amazing students; some of them have strict parents, others have lenient parents, and many come from family situations that defy easy description.
I think there's a lot of different kinds of love: not just between a boyfriend and girlfriend, but love with your family, love with the people around you. I think that's really important and, I think, would really be a good thing for the world and make a better world for everybody.
The future doesn't belong to the fainthearted; it belongs to the brave.
The 1st Amendment protects the right to speak, not the right to spend.
Time abides long enough for those who make use of it.
Courage is poorly housed that dwells in numbers; the lion never counts the herd that are about him, nor weighs how many flocks he has to scatter.
Assonance is not the enemy of rhyme. It helps us to respect rhyme, which has been spoiled by mechanical use.
What happens when good people are put into an evil place? Do they triumph or does the situation dominate their past history and morality?
Courage conquers all things: it even gives strength to the body.
There is a lot of stuff we can't control, but it is completely in our power to decide what the definition of what a good job is. That's up to us.
Integrity is essential and irreplaceable. It is the most valuable asset for a person, a company, or a society seeking to build and progress.
The best form of flattery is to be admired, imitated or respected. I've always felt proud our fans look up to us or feel we are inspirational.
That brain of mine is something more than merely mortal, as time will show.
No one knows whether death, which people fear to be the greatest evil, may not be the greatest good.
The trail of dating sites relying heavily on Facebook is littered with failures.
Courage is the most important of all the virtues, because without courage you can't practice any other virtue consistently. You can practice any virtue erratically, but nothing consistently without courage.
Don't depend on a guy for your happiness. You have to live your own life and do your own thing. That's when good things come around - when you do your own thing and you're not worried about a man. It will happen in due time.
When you plant something, you invest in a beautiful future amidst a stressful, chaotic and, at times, downright appalling world.
Business gives you a massive high. Doing a great deal, coming up with an inspirational solution... It's very addictive. But it doesn't last long. In isolation, it's a bit sterile. It doesn't reward the soul.
Competing at the highest level is not about winning. It's about preparation, courage, understanding and nurturing your people, and heart. Winning is the result.
To achieve great things, two things are needed; a plan, and not quite enough time.
I think football reflects our society. Our society changes. The evolution of society dictates the evolution of the game.
I, not events, have the power to make me happy or unhappy today. I can choose which it shall be. Yesterday is dead, tomorrow hasn't arrived yet. I have just one day, today, and I'm going to be happy in it.
Yesterday is a cancelled check. Today is cash on the line. Tomorrow is a promissory note.
Nobody sees a flower really; it is so small. We haven't time, and to see takes time - like to have a friend takes time.
The necessary thing for anyone to be happy and contented as long as he lives is working for the ones who will come after him rather than working for himself... One can reach the true delight and happiness in the life only by working for the existence, honor, and happiness of the future generations.
For all who are in love but afraid of the world you must show courage because the world has always taken time to accept all good things.
The measure of who we are is what we do with what we have.
Every summer my husband and I pack our suitcases, load our kids into the car, and drive from tense, crowded New York City to my family's cottage in Maine. It's on an island, with stretches of sea and sandy beaches, rocky coasts, and pine trees. We barbecue, swim, lie around, and try to do nothing.
If England became a world power, it was because of the industrial revolution.
I understand the law of sowing and reaping. It is a spiritual law that has tremendous physical implications. Every time that we delay or frustrate what we can do today, leaving it till tomorrow, we hold back the future. We, too, must reap what we have sown by experiencing delays.
History teaches us that men and nations behave wisely once they have exhausted all other alternatives.
Nigeria has had a complicated colonial history. My work has examined that part of our story extensively.
The essence of optimism is that it takes no account of the present, but it is a source of inspiration, of vitality and hope where others have resigned; it enables a man to hold his head high, to claim the future for himself and not to abandon it to his enemy.
Every moment and every event of every man's life on earth plants something in his soul.
When we have lost everything, including hope, life becomes a disgrace, and death a duty.
It takes leadership to improve safety. And I started off the movement in my time, but the person who has done more over the past 20 to 30 years and who has led it is Professor Sid Watkins.
If humanity doesn't land on Mars in my lifetime, I would be very disappointed.
Food for us comes from our relatives, whether they have wings or fins or roots. That is how we consider food. Food has a culture. It has a history. It has a story. It has relationships.
I could never muster the courage to speak to girls in my college in Pune. Most of them were Parsis and spoke English. I came from a village and could barely converse in English.
The first glass is for myself, the second for my friends, the third for good humor, and the forth for my enemies.
The ceaseless labour of your life is to build the house of death.
The gifts of lovers to one another are, in respect to love, nothing but forms; yet, they testify to invisible love.
I believe that, if managed well, the Fourth Industrial Revolution can bring a new cultural renaissance, which will make us feel part of something much larger than ourselves: a true global civilization. I believe the changes that will sweep through society can provide a more inclusive, sustainable and harmonious society. But it will not come easily.
As long as the opposition believes the world will stand with Ukraine's democrat reformers, they will have the leverage and the courage to establish a legitimate republic under the leadership of Viktor Yushchenko.
What great thing would you attempt if you knew you could not fail?
The future is as bright as your faith.
Drugs are the enemies of ambition and hope - and when we fight against drugs we are fighting for the future.
Mere goodness can achieve little against the power of nature.
Put two ships in the open sea, without wind or tide, and, at last, they will come together. Throw two planets into space, and they will fall one on the other. Place two enemies in the midst of a crowd, and they will inevitably meet; it is a fatality, a question of time; that is all.
Cinema is a reflection of society and, in most cases, has the ability to be a mirror and not just show the problems but also give solutions and help them reach a large number of people through faces and voices that matter.
The history of American women is about the fight for freedom, but it's less a war against oppressive men than a struggle to straighten out the perpetually mixed message about women's role that was accepted by almost everybody of both genders.
The best years of your life are the ones in which you decide your problems are your own. You do not blame them on your mother, the ecology, or the president. You realize that you control your own destiny.
The only way to take sorrow out of death is to take love out of life.
The possession of arbitrary power has always, the world over, tended irresistibly to destroy humane sensibility, magnanimity, and truth.
Traveling around the country, meeting fans and hearing their stories in person and on my radio show has reenergized my commitment to creating honest and inspirational content that not only serves my own creative purposes but can help and touch others as well.
We live trapped, between the churned-up and examined past and a future that waits for our work.
I truly believe that the great heroes that create the history of architecture are people who take risks and write to tell about it.
I was bused to a school in Gerritsen Beach in Brooklyn in 1972. I was one of the first black kids in the history of the school.
Folks know that while I respect Barack Obama and do not cheap-shot the president, I am very skeptical of his big government, nanny-state philosophy.
God didn't make a mistake when He made you. You need to see yourself as God sees you.
With self-discipline most anything is possible.
Look, I don't want to wax philosophic, but I will say that if you're alive you've got to flap your arms and legs, you've got to jump around a lot, for life is the very opposite of death, and therefore you must at very least think noisy and colorfully, or you're not alive.
A family is a place where principles are hammered and honed on the anvil of everyday living.
Absolutely, I don't believe in rules. As I tell my daughter when she is mischievous, 'Well-behaved women rarely make history.'
Do it no matter what. If you believe in it, it is something very honorable. If somebody around you or your family does not understand it, then that's their problem. But if you do have a passion, an honest passion, just do it.
I'm not a big fan of journalism schools, except those that are organized around a liberal arts education. Have an understanding of history, economics and political science - and then learn to write.
I did Internet dating for a while, and that is rife with horrible dating stories.
Youth is the spirit of adventure and awakening. It is a time of physical emerging when the body attains the vigor and good health that may ignore the caution of temperance. Youth is a period of timelessness when the horizons of age seem too distant to be noticed.
I don't care who you are. You can be the smallest person off the street, or you could be the biggest person in the world. I'm going to treat everybody the same - with respect.
The connection to place, to the land, the wind, the sun, stars, the moon... it sounds romantic, but it's true - the visceral experience of motion, of moving through time on some amazing machine - a few cars touch on it, but not too many compared to motorcycles. I always felt that any motorcycle journey was special.
Building sustainable cities - and a sustainable future - will need open dialogue among all branches of national, regional and local government. And it will need the engagement of all stakeholders - including the private sector and civil society, and especially the poor and marginalized.
Cathy was the first widely syndicated humor strip created by a woman. The strip was pretty revolutionary at the time not only because it starred a female, but also because it was so emotionally honest about all the conflicting feelings many women had in 1976.
I'm not really on dating apps. I used to be when I was younger. I'd rather meet people in real life.
Longevity in this business is about being able to reinvent yourself or invent the future.
Cash - in savings accounts, short-term CDs or money market deposits - is great for an emergency fund. But to fulfill a long-term investment goal like funding your retirement, consider buying stocks. The more distant your financial target, the longer inflation will gnaw at the purchasing power of your money.
My philosophy of dating is to just fart right away.
Education is the foundation upon which we build our future.
Even though many couples are choosing to marry later in life, our laws haven't been updated to address dating partner abuse.
The Weizmann Institute showed me respect and didn't require many administrative tasks, so I was quite independent. I did what I wanted.
Shoot for the moon and if you miss you will still be among the stars.
If you are caught on a golf course during a storm and are afraid of lightning, hold up a 1-iron. Not even God can hit a 1-iron.
The death of Christ proclaimed the justice and perpetuity of his Father's law in punishing the transgressor, in that he consented to suffer the penalty of the law himself, in order to save fallen man from its curse.
Start by doing what's necessary; then do what's possible; and suddenly you are doing the impossible.
Laughter is an instant vacation.
I always say now that I'm in my blonde years. Because since the end of my marriage, all of my girlfriends have been blonde.
Military dictatorship is born from the power of the gun, and so it undermines the concept of the rule of law and gives birth to a culture of might, a culture of weapons, violence and intolerance.
Undertaker certainly is a cornerstone of WWE, and just as I say to myself that I really would have liked to been able to get to know and certainly get in the ring with Andre the Giant, just because of all the respect and folklore that went around with Andre, I think The Undertaker has that same sort of respect and folklore around him.
All great chefs have two things in common. First, they respect nature as the true artist, and they are just cooks. Second, everything that they do is an extension of them as a person.
The people of Egypt are an intelligent people with a glorious history who left their mark on civilization.
'The Impossible Dream' is, in my opinion, one of the greatest songs ever written. Here is a man, an old man, a very old man full of daring, bravery, courage, determination, romanticism and dreams.
It shows courage, and it shows commitment to move beyond the status-quo politics of rhetoric, which is all the Cuban-American community has received from any party for the last half century.
Respect the masterpiece. It is true reverence to man. There is no quality so great, none so much needed now.
We went to church every Sunday. When I was a kid, the only time I sang was around my family.
Don't stay at the job for safe salary increases over time. That will never get you where you want - freedom from financial worry. Only free time, imagination, creativity, and an ability to disappear will help you deliver value that nobody ever delivered before in the history of mankind.
The strange thing about Africa is how past, present and future come together in a kind of rough jazz, if you like.
I never intended on starting a charity; I never intended on cancer, health, and wellness becoming my life.
The best remedy for those who are afraid, lonely or unhappy is to go outside, somewhere where they can be quiet, alone with the heavens, nature and God. Because only then does one feel that all is as it should be.
It is so important to get respect for what you do and at the same time give it.
Our children are the living messages we send to a future we will ever see... Will we rob them of their destiny? Will we rob them of their dreams? No - we will not do that.
You don't want to move in with someone and find out that they don't have auto or health insurance. That's a rude awakening.
Even as a kid I was never the generator of humor, but I always knew who was funny, who to hang out with.
A hero is someone who has given his or her life to something bigger than oneself.
I don't envy or much respect people who are completely politicised.
Some of the most important conversations I've ever had occurred at my family's dinner table.
I don't think my personality will change. No matter how much time passes or how old I get, I'd like to be considered a playful person to everyone.
Poetry is not only dream and vision; it is the skeleton architecture of our lives. It lays the foundations for a future of change, a bridge across our fears of what has never been before.
At the cross God wrapped his heart in flesh and blood and let it be nailed to the cross for our redemption.
I think drag helps move us in the direction of loosening up the man/woman binary. The idea that you're one, or the other, it's false. The more that as a society we become a little looser, more open to laugh about gender, that's the direction the world needs to go in.
Most of us have far more courage than we ever dreamed we possessed.
Today, diabetes is now epidemic, according to the Centers for Disease Control, the National Institutes of Health, the American Diabetes Association and other national healthcare leaders.
In Season 1, Will is more shy and reserved, and then in Season 2, after the monster attacks him and takes over his body, Will gained more courage and became braver. Throughout Season 3, you see how the monster's still lingering inside him, and how he deals with that. Because he's not fully better.
The future of food security will depend on a combination of the ecological prudence of the past and the technological advances of today.
The reason that 'Stalingrad' took off was because it emphasized the influence of history on the individual.
Draw great strength from your family and give in turn to those who come after you.
High respect goes out to our mothers, our single mothers. This is why today the real community uplifts femininity and holds womanhood above, not equal to, masculinity.
Yes, a family is interesting. You can get a lot of drama in the conflicts there. It's like the sea. It seems calm, but inside there is conflict.
I've dated some women who have turned me on to some funny things that are strange for men to actually do, but these things have become part of my process. I think the things I do for my appearance help make me look better. I even colour my hair because I like how it makes me look.
The secret was to just be cool, stay in God's graces, and work it out.
When you're setting up your dating profile, choose the photos according to who you are today. A variety of recent shots that are a true representation of your character.
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.
I'm not good at future planning. I don't plan at all. I don't know what I'm doing tomorrow. I don't have a day planner and I don't have a diary. I completely live in the now, not in the past, not in the future.
Whenever a new technology is introduced into society, there must be a counterbalancing human response - that is, high touch - or the technology is rejected... We must learn to balance the material wonders of technology with the spiritual demands of our human nature.
As a kid we moved around a fair bit as a family. It was difficult to make friends but sport helped. Once people saw you kick a football it broke down barriers. Instead of being the new skinny black kid you were the kid everyone wanted on their team.
You have to discipline your children, or they won't respect you, law enforcement or God or anyone else.
The 'Dezeen's of this world are extremely inspirational but have no realistic dimension any more.
The difficult thing is that vulnerability is the first thing I look for in you and the last thing I'm willing to show you. In you, it's courage and daring. In me, it's weakness.
Our society is not a community, but merely a collection of isolated family units.
We are not cured of alcoholism. What we have is a daily reprieve contingent on the maintenance of our spiritual condition. Every day is a day when we must carry the vision of God's will into all of our daily activities.
History is a set of lies agreed upon.
Joseph Bazalgette created a sewer system which he originally sized for London's needs of the time - he then doubled it to anticipate the future beyond. These are the qualities that I admire.
Our family life was certainly not intellectual.
The purpose of whistleblowing is to expose secret and wrongful acts by those in power in order to enable reform.
We are trying to construct a more inclusive society. We are going to make a country in which no one is left out.
Power tends to corrupt and absolute power corrupts absolutely.
The strategic adversary is fascism... the fascism in us all, in our heads and in our everyday behavior, the fascism that causes us to love power, to desire the very thing that dominates and exploits us.
The real problem is that the way that power is given out in our society pits us against each other.
Everyone has inside of him a piece of good news. The good news is that you don't know how great you can be! How much you can love! What you can accomplish! And what your potential is!
Whenever I think of my birthplace, Walton-on-Thames, my reference first and foremost is the river. I love the smell of the river; love its history, its gentleness. I was aware of its presence from my earliest years. Its majesty centered me, calmed me, was a solace to a certain extent.
As the mother of two daughters, I have great respect for women. And I don't ever want to lose that.
Women have been trained in our culture and society to ask for what we want instead of taking what we want. We've been really indoctrinated with this culture of permission. I think it's true for women, and I think it's true for people of color. It's historic, and it's unfortunate and has somehow become part of our DNA. But that time has passed.
The less effort, the faster and more powerful you will be.
I like Daniel Craig. I worked with him on 'Sharpe,' one of the very early ones, maybe the second one we did - 'Sharpe's Revenge?' A long, long time ago, and he was good in that then.
The value systems of those with access to power and of those far removed from such access cannot be the same. The viewpoint of the privileged is unlike that of the underprivileged.
As a black woman, I've always had to work hard to earn my respect as a musician - and as a young woman, too. As a writer, in certain sessions or certain rooms people think, 'Who's kid is this? Who's this little girl?' I've had to prove myself.
Women in America must be trusted to make their own medical decisions and have access to the full range of reproductive health care, including abortion.
I am very happy and honored to be part of the Sony ATV family.
A complainer is like a Death Eater because there's a suction of negative energy. You can catch a great attitude from great people.
I want no epitaphs of profound history and all that type of thing. I contributed. I would hope they would say that, and I would hope somebody liked me.
My favorite six words in recovery are: trust God, clean house, and help others.
I prefer ordinary girls - you know, college students, waitresses, that sort of thing. Most of the girls I go out with are just good friends. Just because I go out to the cinema with a girl, it doesn't mean we are dating.
Core strength and stability is very important to me. Tennis is all about rotation of the body and my ability to create power. I incorporate a lot of abdominal, back and glute exercises into my gym sessions.
As a kid, I loved 'Godot' because of the poetry and the humor and the strangeness, but then as you get older, it's much more resonant.
I have a rule on my team: when we talk to one another, we look each other right in the eye, because I think it's tough to lie to somebody. You give respect to somebody.
When a president makes life and death decisions, he should draw strength and wisdom from broad and deep experience with the reasons for and the risks of committing our children to our defense. For no matter how many others are involved in the decision, the president is a lonely man in a dark room when the casualty reports come in.
I believe discrimination still exists in society and we must fight it in every form.
Since God knows our future, our personalities, and our capacity to listen, He isn't ever going to say more to us than we can deal with at the moment.
As kids, we were taught to respect every religion and tradition.
You will find as you grow older that courage is the rarest of all qualities to be found in public life.
All of us are probably three people. We're probably the person that we think we are, and we're probably the person that you or somebody else perceives us to be, and... frankly, we're probably somewhere in the middle. And I think that it's important that there be a balance with respect to how individuals are - you know, are looked at.
Character contributes to beauty. It fortifies a woman as her youth fades. A mode of conduct, a standard of courage, discipline, fortitude, and integrity can do a great deal to make a woman beautiful.
All along the untrodden paths of the future, I can see the footprints of an unseen hand.
Study history, study history. In history lies all the secrets of statecraft.
When we deny the poor and the vulnerable their own human dignity and capacity for freedom and choice, it becomes self-denial. It becomes a denial of both our collective and individual dignity, at all levels of society.
It needs time. Nobody wants to hear it, but that's the truth: if you want to have success in the future, you have to be ready to work now.
God made me fast. And when I run, I feel His pleasure.
It is strange that the years teach us patience; that the shorter our time, the greater our capacity for waiting.
Won't it be wonderful when black history and native American history and Jewish history and all of U.S. history is taught from one book. Just U.S. history.
The power of the lawyer is in the uncertainty of the law.
Until we meet again, may God bless you as he has blessed me.
Maine is the best place in the country to live and to raise our family. And it's because of our people and our approach to life. No fuss - no frills - just the stuff that really counts. The beauty around us. Our connection to our mountains and lakes and ocean and farmland.
We must respect the other fellow's religion, but only in the sense and to the extent that we respect his theory that his wife is beautiful and his children smart.
The history of my state of Oklahoma offers a great example of pursuing the American Dream. It was built and settled by pioneers moving West to seek better lives.
Always think twice before you decide to do anything for a film. It may seem like a career-changing idea, but think of your family and your future before doing anything risky. Train properly, because looking strong and being strong are two different things.
My parents taught me about the importance of qualities like kindness, respect, and honesty, and I realize how central values like these have been to me throughout my life.
A clear lesson of history is that a 'sine qua non' for sustained economic recovery following a financial crisis is a thoroughgoing repair of the financial system.
At the moment of death I hope to be surprised.
Marriage and family are ordained of God. The family is the most important social unit in time and in eternity. Under God's great plan of happiness, families can be sealed in temples and be prepared to return to dwell in His holy presence forever. That is eternal life!
From my perspective, I absolutely believe in a greater spiritual power, far greater than I am, from which I have derived strength in moments of sadness or fear. That's what I believe, and it was very, very strong in the forest.
Dating and getting attention from boys was something that came later to me.
The key to the future in an aging society is not found in increasing just our life span; we need to increase our health span at the same time.
Some major writers have a huge impact, like Ayn Rand, who to my mind is a lousy fiction writer because her writing has no compassion and virtually no humor. She has a philosophical and economical message that she is passing off as fiction, but it really isn't fiction at all.
I quit working in the police force full time only after I won my third Mr. Olympia.
The courage of very ordinary people is all that stands between us and the dark.
Man always dies before he is fully born.
Half of my life, I've had people staring at me because they think I'm funny-looking and ugly. The other half of my life, I've had people staring at me because they think I'm fascinating. Everything neutralises. It's more of a statement on society and how weird it is.
Part of courage is simple consistency.
Never underestimate the power of confidence. If you believe you're the dopest thing walking, you might convince people of the same just because you're so headstrong about it as a fact.
We're starting to push the envelope in terms of the expectations, and you can also have your own style, personality and sense of humor, because now we're allowed to.
After a shooting spree, they always want to take the guns away from the people who didn't do it. I sure as hell wouldn't want to live in a society where the only people allowed guns are the police and the military.
The next time you see a spider web, please, pause and look a little closer. You'll be seeing one of the most high-performance materials known to man.
My family is basically Gypsies - for real.
From an eternal perspective, the only death that is truly premature is the death of one who is not prepared to meet God.
Courage is doing what you are afraid to do. There can be no courage unless you are scared.
If workers are more insecure, that's very 'healthy' for the society, because if workers are insecure, they won't ask for wages, they won't go on strike, they won't call for benefits; they'll serve the masters gladly and passively. And that's optimal for corporations' economic health.
My father, Leo Henry Brown, really was talented - he could write. He had a gift, and he had a great, sly humor.
I'm free. I just do what I want, say what I want, say how I feel, and I don't try to hurt nobody. I just try to make sure that I don't compromise my art in any kind of way, and I think people respect that.
Poetry is often the art of overhearing yourself say things you didn't know you knew. It is a learned skill to force yourself to articulate your life, your present world or your possibilities for the future.
I don't think a powerful man would be interesting unless he'd be nice, attractive, with or without the power. Men are interested in powerful men. Women are interested in terrific men!
The weak in courage is strong in cunning.
With God's help and guidance, we shall soon see the end of this most unpleasant chapter in our history.
The power for creating a better future is contained in the present moment: You create a good future by creating a good present.
A real man loves his wife, and places his family as the most important thing in life. Nothing has brought me more peace and content in life than simply being a good husband and father.
Climate change, if unchecked, is an urgent threat to health, food supplies, biodiversity, and livelihoods across the globe.
Youth is a quality not unlike health: it's found in greater abundance among the young, but we all need access to it.
For me, it's not necessarily interesting to play a strong, fearless woman. It's interesting to play a woman who is terrified and then overcomes that fear. It's about the journey. Courage is not the absence of fear, it's overcoming it.
Man never made any material as resilient as the human spirit.
Spiritual identity means we are not what we do or what people say about us. And we are not what we have. We are the beloved daughters and sons of God.
I have a very silly sense of humor. I've never laughed harder in my entire life than seeing someone with toilet paper stuck on the bottom of their shoe.
History develops, art stands still.
I have a long view of history - my orientation is archaeological because I'm always thinking in terms of ancient Greece and Rome, ancient Persia and Egypt.
Black Power is giving power to people who have not had power to determine their destiny.
Humor has been the balm of my life, but it's been reserved for those close to me, not part of the public Lana.
In Mexico, you're close to death all the time.
Society, being codified by man, decrees that woman is inferior; she can do away with this inferiority only by destroying the male's superiority.
The books that help you most are those which make you think that most. The hardest way of learning is that of easy reading; but a great book that comes from a great thinker is a ship of thought, deep freighted with truth and beauty.
I believe in destiny, God's hand and hard work.
Intellectual growth should commence at birth and cease only at death.
It is true that you can say that death is natural, but it is also natural to fight death. But if you stand up and say this is a big problem, we should do something about this, that makes people very uncomfortable, because they've made their peace with death.
I dated dozens of young men, had fun with all, made commitments to none.
There's a real power in heels and a good dress.
You must buy health insurance or pay the new Gestapo - the IRS.
Stop acting as if life is a rehearsal. Live this day as if it were your last. The past is over and gone. The future is not guaranteed.
Most of us aren't defeated in one decisive battle. We are defeated one tiny, seemingly insignificant surrender at a time that chips away at who we should really be.
Everybody wants to go to heaven, but nobody wants to die.
I've always loved acting, and I do respect the craft.
After finishing the gymnasium in Muenchen with 9 years of Latin and 6 years of ancient Greek, history and philosophy, I decided to become a physicist. The great theoretical physicist Arnold Sommerfeld, an university colleague of my late father, advised me to begin with an apprenticeship in precision mechanics.
Clear thinking requires courage rather than intelligence.
My father Sam, by his lifelong example, displayed for me the virtues of an honest day's work and of great personal courage.
Because I could not stop for death, He kindly stopped for me; The carriage held but just ourselves and immortality.
I think we all have our own personality, unique and distinctive, and at the same time, I think that our own unique and distinctive personality blends with the wind, with the footsteps in the street, with the noises around the corner, and with the silence of memory, which is the great producer of ghosts.
Even though the future seems far away, it is actually beginning right now.
Prime Minister Sharon, Prime Minister Abbas, I urge you today to end the designs of those who seek destruction, annihilation and occupation, and I urge you to have the will and the courage to begin to realize our dreams of peace, prosperity and coexistence.
One way to boost our will power and focus is to manage our distractions instead of letting them manage us.
If we desire a society of peace, then we cannot achieve such a society through violence. If we desire a society without discrimination, then we must not discriminate against anyone in the process of building this society. If we desire a society that is democratic, then democracy must become a means as well as an end.
You can look in the mirror and find a million things wrong with yourself. Or you can look in the mirror and think, 'I feel good, I have my health, and I'm so blessed.' That's the way I choose to look at it.
Before I leave this earth, I'm going to help people have a better future.
In this hectic life, we have no time to take care of ourselves, hence massage is needed for rejuvenation and stress reduction. A lot of people are looking for quick fixes: like, they are taking medications, and they are doing other things which are not healthy. But massage is very holistic and natural.
It's the thing I struggle with every day: the mental diligence and stamina needed to sit in front of the computer, open the file, start writing and to keep doing so, word after word, until I've created the next story. A combination of learning disability and chronic health issues make that the hardest thing for me.
Nobody gets to live life backward. Look ahead, that is where your future lies.
Terrorism is a psychological warfare. Terrorists try to manipulate us and change our behavior by creating fear, uncertainty, and division in society.
The point of journalism is to hold people in positions of power accountable.
I had seen birth and death but had thought they were different.
Society lives by faith, and develops by science.
All too often arrogance accompanies strength, and we must never assume that justice is on the side of the strong. The use of power must always be accompanied by moral choice.
I thought my family was really funny. Everybody in my family was funny. My mom and dad both have great senses of humor and really saw the funny in stuff, so I think that's probably where it came from. I always try to see the funny in things.
Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently.
In this work I have received the opposition of a number of men who only advocate the unobtainable because the immediately possible is beyond their moral courage, administrative ability, and their political prescience.
Time is something that cannot be bought; it cannot be wagered with God, and it is not in endless supply, Time is simply how you live your life.
I'm grateful to God for His bountiful gifts... He gave me courage and faith in myself.
I've said many times how big a wrestling fan I am, but all my bias aside as her husband, I'm a huge Candice LeRae fan. I was a huge Candice LeRae fan before we started dating. I was a huge Candice LeRae fan before we got married.
We should always look upon ourselves as God's servants, placed in God's world, to do his work; and accordingly labour faithfully for him; not with a design to grow rich and great, but to glorify God, and do all the good we possibly can.
You may not be able to change a situation, but with humor you can change your attitude about it.
I like what the future holds. I don't like thinking about the past.
No matter how the Supreme Court rules on the constitutionality of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, states are making progress in developing strategies to provide more access to quality health care coverage.
Women in their thirties are much more nervous about dating. They feel time is 'running out for them. They want to get married and have a family. The women I see in their forties and fifties know what they want. They are amazing, confident women with good jobs, but they are just struggling to find someone who is their equal.
Every child comes with the message that God is not yet discouraged of man.
You must respect people and work hard to be in shape. And I used to train very hard. When the others players went to the beach after training, I was there kicking the ball.
From my rotting body, flowers shall grow and I am in them and that is eternity.
In all realms of life it takes courage to stretch your limits, express your power, and fulfill your potential... it's no different in the financial realm.
Respect is one of the greatest expressions of love.
The courage to be is rooted in the God who appears when God has disappeared in the anxiety of doubt.
The health care system is really designed to reward you for being unhealthy. If you are a healthy person and work hard to be healthy, there are no benefits.
What then is tragedy? In the Elizabethan period it was assumed that a play ending in death was a tragedy, but in recent years we have come to understand that to live on is sometimes far more tragic than death.
We Americans are a primitive people... Americans seem to have little respect for the law or the rights of others.
Isn't it amazing that we are all made in God's image, and yet there is so much diversity among his people?
Looking back now, I realise that belonging to the family of a labourer actually helped to prepare my body for boxing. There were many times when my family didn't have enough food or warm clothing to go around. All this made me physically, as well as emotionally, tough.
Can a person be inspirational? Does a person have global sensibility? That's the hardest thing to find.
I just like hanging out with my friends, honestly. I mean, as long as I'm in good company and with cool people, and we're just hanging out and having a good time, that's usually what I like to do.
Prestige is the shadow of money and power.
Religious humor is not really my area, so I probably wouldn't do anything about that, or politics or something.
The main thing is, I can't stay up late partying when I'm on tour. That's not good for my voice or my health in general.
A lot of executives act like their time is worth more than anyone else's. But I always respect an employee who guards his or her time, even from me.
A baby is God's opinion that life should go on.
God has created us and poured love into our hearts so that we may do our best to alleviate the suffering that is around us.
We're running the most dangerous experiment in history right now, which is to see how much carbon dioxide the atmosphere... can handle before there is an environmental catastrophe.
The greatest gift God has given me is the capacity of love for people. I have so many faults, but caring about people is not one of them.
Genius is never understood in its own time.
To the soul, there is no past and no future; all is, and will be ever, in now. For artificial purposes time is mutually agreed on, but there is really no such thing.
Aerospace services represents one of our biggest growth opportunities for the future.
My introduction to art history was like everybody else's. You see an art history book that has works by Rembrandt and Leonardo da Vinci and Michelangelo. Yes, these things are great. But I don't see a reflection of myself in any of these things I'm looking at.
The eagle has no fear of adversity. We need to be like the eagle and have a fearless spirit of a conqueror!
I know no words of prayer - God help me because I can not help myself.
I have never in my life found myself in a situation where I've stopped work and said, 'Thank God it's Friday.' But weekends are special even if your schedule is all over the place. Something tells you the weekend has arrived and you can indulge yourself a bit.
Leadership is about having the courage to go against the advice of the so-called experts and doing what your instinct tells you is right.
I joyfully hasten to meet death. If it come before I have had opportunity to develop all my artistic faculties, it will come, my hard fate notwithstanding, too soon, and I should probably wish it later - yet even then I shall be happy, for will it not deliver me from a state of endless suffering?
All respect for the office of the presidency aside, I assumed that the obvious and unadulterated decline of freedom and constitutional sovereignty, not to mention the efforts to curb the power of judicial review, spoke for itself.
Family is a unique gift that needs to be appreciated and treasured, even when they're driving you crazy. As much as they make you mad, interrupt you, annoy you, curse at you, try to control you, these are the people who know you the best and who love you.
I went through a long period where I was afraid of doing things I wanted to do, and you get your courage back, which is what's important.
Death the last voyage, the longest, and the best.
Providing health care is like building a house. The task requires experts, expensive equipment and materials, and a huge amount of coordination.
Humor was not important only for me, humor was important for this nation for centuries, to survive, you know.
Democracy must be built through open societies that share information. When there is information, there is enlightenment. When there is debate, there are solutions. When there is no sharing of power, no rule of law, no accountability, there is abuse, corruption, subjugation and indignation.
There comes a point in your life when you realize how quickly time goes by, and how quickly it has gone. Then it really speeds up exponentially. With that, I think you start to put a lot of things into context; you start to see how huge the world is, and really, the universe.
No one can live entirely on their own, nor can any country or society exist in isolation.
The job market of the future will consist of those jobs that robots cannot perform. Our blue-collar work is pattern recognition, making sense of what you see. Gardeners will still have jobs because every garden is different. The same goes for construction workers. The losers are white-collar workers, low-level accountants, brokers, and agents.
Some people think that the truth can be hidden with a little cover-up and decoration. But as time goes by, what is true is revealed, and what is fake fades away.
My type of humor is me not caring whether people know what I'm talking about or not.
Death comes for us all. Even for kings he comes.
When I was growing up, I had lots of smart classmates that were girls, but none of us were really pushed into math or computers or anything like that. Girls took AP history and AP English and AP European history. And boys took calculus and physics.
I need a woman to have a quirky sense of humor. There's a bunch of jokes I use, and if she doesn't get them, she's probably not for me.
Being in control of your life and having realistic expectations about your day-to-day challenges are the keys to stress management, which is perhaps the most important ingredient to living a happy, healthy and rewarding life.
The future is purchased by the present.
Our human compassion binds us the one to the other - not in pity or patronizingly, but as human beings who have learnt how to turn our common suffering into hope for the future.
I believe the root of all evil is abuse of power.
There's definitely evidence that capitalism at its most ruthless rewards psychopathic behavior. When you look at the worst corners of the American health insurance industry or the sub-prime banking market, it really feels like the more psychopathically someone behaves, the more it's rewarded.
I feel like I am a real artist and I want to be able to feel what I am singing about. So when I sing, 'Leave (Get Out),' I have been through that. I think it is just a new generation, whether people are ready for it or not. Teenagers are dating.
Nuclear power is not a miracle key for the future.
The time to repair the roof is when the sun is shining.
History does not long entrust the care of freedom to the weak or the timid.
Try and leave this world a little better than you found it, and when your turn comes to die, you can die happy in feeling that at any rate, you have not wasted your time but have done your best.
My dad instilled in me a great sense of humor. I wasn't bullied at school because my outward attitude was confident, and that helps.
If you followed the media you'd think that everybody in Africa was starving to death, and that's not the case; so it's important to engage with the other Africa.
'West Wing' was huge. Like 'Hamilton,' it pulls back the curtain on how decision-making happens at the highest level, or at least how you hope it would be. The amount of information Aaron Sorkin packs into a scene gave me this courage to trust the audience to keep up.
The practice of executing such offenders is a relic of the past and is inconsistent with evolving standards of decency in a civilized society.
The whole course of human history may depend on a change of heart in one solitary and even humble individual - for it is in the solitary mind and soul of the individual that the battle between good and evil is waged and ultimately won or lost.
We were postwar middle-class white kids living in the slipstream of the greatest per-capita rise in income in the history of Western civilization; we were 'teen-agers' - a term, coined in 1941, that was in common usage a decade later - a new, recognizable franchise. We had money, mobility, and problems all our own.
The person who comes up to you and makes the most noise and is the most intrusive is invariably the person in the room who has no respect for you at all, and it's really all about them.
I like a man who can respect a woman. When he's real attentive, I think that is very manly. To respect a woman is divine.
I do like alternative rock and rap, but as far as inspirational, then I go full-on orchestra. It fills up your entire being.
Living in dreams of yesterday, we find ourselves still dreaming of impossible future conquests.
One individual can begin a movement that turns the tide of history. Martin Luther King in the civil rights movement, Mohandas Ganhi in India, Nelson Mandela in South Africa are examples of people standing up with courage and non-violence to bring about needed changes.
The woman I am currently crazy about was a vegetarian for a year until I started dating her. As is the case with most vegetarians, she had never eaten properly prepared meat, only commercially packaged or otherwise abused flesh.
The blame is his who chooses: God is blameless.
Well, I'm not sure, but of one thing I am certain: History judges one differently than contemporary observers, and so I think that as time passes, I hope that not me personally so much, but our administration will be seen for some of the things that we accomplished.
Writing never comes easy. The difference between Page 2 and Page Nothing is the difference between life and death.
People don't realize that we cannot forecast the future. What we can do is have probabilities of what causes what, but that's as far as we go. And I've had a very successful career as a forecaster, starting in 1948 forward. The number of mistakes I have made are just awesome. There is no number large enough to account for that.
I never write anything without humor, just because I like humor, but at the same time, it is a way for anything fantastical to become relatable.
One of the problems of modern society, or the post-Internet age, is that there are so many things bombarding us that we could care about. I think it's more important than ever to really get clear and focus on what's worth caring about and what's just noise or distraction.
Way down deep, we're all motivated by the same urges. Cats have the courage to live by them.
I think for marketplace businesses, and when you think about online dating, it's not a social network. It's not a place where you go to talk to people you already know; it's a place you go to interact with someone you've never met before.
A dream is your creative vision for your life in the future. You must break out of your current comfort zone and become comfortable with the unfamiliar and the unknown.
The man who can put himself in the place of other men, who can understand the workings of their minds, need never worry about what the future has in store for him.
We live in an age of technology and science that demands proof, and yet we desire mystery. But when God gives us mystery, we seek to destroy it by gross indifference or childish reasoning.
Both my parents are Scottish, and although I grew up in Canada after moving over, all of my family are proud to be Scots.
Give us grace and strength to forbear and to persevere. Give us courage and gaiety and the quiet mind, spare to us our friends, soften to us our enemies.
When I was about eight, my mom started disappearing for days at a time, probably with one of the guys she was dating. There would be no food.
Our history is not our destiny.
Time flies really quickly. It feels like only a few months ago that I was traded over here and started my career as a Cub in 2013.
The real point is that totalitarian regimes have claimed jurisdiction over the whole person, and the whole society, and they don't at all believe that we should give unto Caesar that which is Caesar's and unto God that which is God's.
It is up to us to live up to the legacy that was left for us, and to leave a legacy that is worthy of our children and of future generations.
Sustainable development is a fundamental break that's going to reshuffle the entire deck. There are companies today that are going to dominate in the future simply because they understand that.
I am determined to offer an apology with my death.
Google has placed its faith in data, while Apple worships the power of design. This dichotomy made the two companies complementary. Apple would ship the phones and computers, while Google would provide Maps, Search, YouTube, and other web tools that made the devices more useful.
The future, like everything else, is not what it used to be.
You can't reconcile being pro-life on abortion and pro-death on the death penalty.
Anything that makes you feel the most alone also has the greatest power to connect you.
Over the centuries, mankind has tried many ways of combating the forces of evil... prayer, fasting, good works and so on. Up until Doom, no one seemed to have thought about the double-barrel shotgun. Eat leaden death, demon.
I've been sort of spoiled on the TV end because HBO feels like a small institution making independent movies. There's respect for the director's contribution in a way that mainstream television doesn't really reflect, I don't think.
I found the experience of falling in love or being in love was a death: a death of everything. You kind of watch yourself die in a wonderful way, and you experience for the briefest moment - if you see yourself for a moment through their eyes - everything you believed about yourself gone. In a death-and-rebirth sense.
My father taught me respect for quality as well as a sense of dignity - great values as we face a world going in a different direction. I try to teach my children to stay close to the real things.
Some day science may have the existence of mankind in power, and the human race can commit suicide by blowing up the world.
If you can find the courage, if you have in your heart even the slightest bit of rebellion against injustice, maybe you can channel that and become a leader.
The most striking development of the great depression of 1929 is a profound skepticism of the future of contemporary society among large sections of the American people.
The Epistle is a correction of profession without life, and most valuable in this respect.
A publicly run health care program could compete with private insurance companies, which have a record of overcharging and underperforming.
I think my admiration is really for Belichick more than anything. As a coach, that's the guy. He'll go down as probably the best in the history of the game. I like poking fun at him and all that stuff, but there's no coach I respect more than him.
Freedom isn't free. It shouldn't be a bragging point that 'Oh, I don't get involved in politics,' as if that makes someone cleaner. No, that makes you derelict of duty in a republic. Liars and panderers in government would have a much harder time of it if so many people didn't insist on their right to remain ignorant and blindly agreeable.
When you focus on being a blessing, God makes sure that you are always blessed in abundance.
You can't trust anybody with power.
I intend to live forever, or die trying.
At the moment of death, when the seed atom in the heart is ruptured, which contains all the experience of the past life in a panoramic picture, the spirit leaves its physical body, taking with it the finer bodies.
Poor David Hume is dying fast, but with more real cheerfulness and good humor and with more real resignation to the necessary course of things, than any whining Christian ever dyed with pretended resignation to the will of God.
Once the subject matter of rock n' roll changed from cars and pop love songs to songs about really true love and the blues and death and mortality, this light bulb went off in my head and I went, 'Oh, that's what they're doing. That's kind of - that's art.'
Learn from the past, set vivid, detailed goals for the future, and live in the only moment of time over which you have any control: now.
Democratic politicians have disliked things I've written, Republican politicians... if they all love you, you might as well be driving a Good Humor truck.
You grow up and recognise that in an educated, secular society, there's no excuse for ignorance. You have to recognise in yourself, and challenge yourself, that if you see racism or homophobia or misogyny in a secular society, as a member of that society, you should challenge it. You owe it to the betterment of society.
Art and Religion are, then, two roads by which men escape from circumstance to ecstasy. Between aesthetic and religious rapture there is a family alliance. Art and Religion are means to similar states of mind.
Art is man's distinctly human way of fighting death.
It used to take me forever to read and comprehend stuff, so I decided not to make the 'Captain Underpants' books too challenging. Don't get me wrong - the humor and ideas are often sophisticated - but the books aren't hard to read. I wanted kids who hate reading to find these books irresistible.
I really don't know where my interest in death comes from. Maybe I've just got a twisted imagination. The truth is, I haven't had a hugely eventful life - maybe I'm compensating in my creative life. Or maybe I'm just a bit sick.
There is no such thing as society: there are individual men and women, and there are families.
The greatest stain upon this great Australian nation's character, without any question, is the great gaps that exist between our Aboriginal brothers and sisters in terms of their health, their education, their living conditions, their incarceration rates and life expectancy. It's a great stain.
Whenever you choose power over love, you will never find true happiness.
I am concerned about the whole man. I am concerned about what the people, using their government as an instrument and a tool, can do toward building the whole man, which will mean a better society and a better world.
For God so loved the World that he gave his only Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish but have eternal life.
I looked Death right in the face.
He who puts out his hand to stop the wheel of history will have his fingers crushed.
Someone who'll bring some normalcy into my life and help me stay in touch with reality. That is something I'm curious about. There are so many actors who are married to people from non-film backgrounds, and their marriages are successful. I'm tired of dating actresses.
When you blame others, you give up your power to change.
We believe digital payments are making financial services more universally affordable, accessible and, therefore, have the opportunity to drive financial inclusion and financial health for billions worldwide.
My sister was the singer, and I always had the mentality there could only be one in the family.
Mahesh lays down most of the rules. Even when I was dating him for four years prior to our marriage, he didn't want our relationship to be out in the open.
I do a lot of video games - I have a YouTube channel where I record me playing video games with my friends and post it. That's a hobby I have and a lot of what I do in my off time.
The nation that complacently and fearfully allows its artists and writers to become suspected rather than respected is no longer regarded as a nation possessed with humor or depth.
I just thank God for all of the blessings.
Any waste stream in our society can be turned into a revenue stream. It's turning the lemons in our society into lemonade.
Talent is God given. Be humble. Fame is man-given. Be grateful. Conceit is self-given. Be careful.
The right response to the non-problem of global warming is to have the courage to do nothing.
God has no grandchildren. He has only children, so being a born-again Christian is not an automatic thing.
Language has no independent existence apart from the people who use it. It is not an end in itself; it is a means to an end of understanding who you are and what society is like.
The more nobly a man wills and acts, the more avid he becomes for great and sublime aims to pursue. He will no longer be content with family, country, and the remunerative aspect of his work. He will want wider organisations to create, new paths to blaze, causes to uphold, truths to discover, an ideal to cherish and defend.
Your past is not your potential. In any hour you can choose to liberate the future.
Cancer has affected my family; my mother and father have battled cancer. I know how tough it is.
Give the people not hell, but hope and courage.
Whatever I will become will be what God has chosen for me.
When you have love in your life and respect what you do, you get up and do things. Yes, definitely I do feel tired, but when I look around and see how privileged I am, I get going.
I give all the glory to God. It's kind of a win-win situation. The glory goes up to Him and the blessings fall down on me.
If we must die, we die defending our rights.
Look up, laugh loud, talk big, keep the color in your cheek and the fire in your eye, adorn your person, maintain your health, your beauty and your animal spirits.
To me, there is no greater act of courage than being the one who kisses first.
The word tomorrow was invented for indecisive people and for children.
It takes vision and courage to create - it takes faith and courage to prove.
Our system of private health insurance that fails to provide coverage to so many of our citizens also contributes to the double-digit health care inflation that is making America less competitive in the global economy.
Apart from being motivation for themselves, I think big givers should also talk about their philanthropy so that their work and their success stories prove inspirational enough for many others to follow.
You spend a good piece of your life gripping a baseball and in the end it turns out that it was the other way around all the time.
Among famous traitors of history one might mention the weather.
I don't think my sense of humor has changed at all; I was born with this, for better or for worse.
Throughout history, it has been the inaction of those who could have acted; the indifference of those who should have known better; the silence of the voice of justice when it mattered most; that has made it possible for evil to triumph.
We take the shortest route to the puck and arrive in ill humor.
I think the best riffs and the best songs come when you're jamming and having a good time.
It is not death or pain that is to be dreaded, but the fear of pain or death.
The most dangerous thing, when you have a serious mental illness, is convincing yourself that you don't have it. And you see it all the time. People get on medication, and they feel better, and they stop taking it. And some flirt with unreality on some levels. But it feels so convincing to them that it feels real.
A weak soul does not have the endurance to resist the flesh for very long. It grows heavy, becomes flesh itself, and the contest ends. But among responsible men, men who keep their eyes riveted day and night upon the Supreme Duty, the conflict between flesh and spirit breaks out mercilessly and may last until death.
The tricky part of illness is that, as you go through it, your values are constantly changing... You may decide you want to spend your time working as a neurosurgeon, but two months later, you may want to learn to play the saxophone or devote yourself to the church. Death may be a one-time event, but living with terminal illness is a process.
Every generation has a macabre notion that wars, government prohibition, natural disasters or mankind itself could be the downfall of society and the world as a whole.
Every human being on this earth is born with a tragedy, and it isn't original sin. He's born with the tragedy that he has to grow up... a lot of people don't have the courage to do it.
Linguistic supersizing is on the increase, and it may show the influence of advertising-speak and corporate jargon on language, in which everything needs to be hyped to get noticed. It means that some of our greatest words are losing their power.
In the future, I'm sure there will be a lot more robots in every aspect of life. If you told people in 1985 that in 25 years they would have computers in their kitchen, it would have made no sense to them.
The total eclipses of the sun are very special and have been associated with wars, famines, floods, unprecedented climate changes and the death or birth of dictators, rulers, presidents and kings, especially near the area where the total eclipse occurs.
The enemies cannot destroy the king who has at his service the respect and friendship of the wise men who can find fault, disagree, and correct him.
Golf and dating don't mix.
Whether or not we believe in survival of consciousness after death, reincarnation, and karma, it has very serious implications for our behavior.
I love revolutionaries who have the courage to stand up against the status quo. They're always misunderstood, but they're the ones who are standing up for human rights.
I strongly believe that the Founding Fathers of our country got it right: power corrupts, and any time you have too much power concentrated in one place, it tends to get abused, so checks and balances are always needed.
Alex Dumas was a consummate warrior and a man of great conviction and moral courage. He was renowned for his strength, his swordsmanship, his bravery, and his knack for pulling victory out of the toughest situations. But he was known, too, for his profane back talk and his problems with authority.
The power of intuitive understanding will protect you from harm until the end of your days.
Sin does not stop God's grace from flowing, but God's grace will stop sin.
The most important thing about global warming is this. Whether humans are responsible for the bulk of climate change is going to be left to the scientists, but it's all of our responsibility to leave this planet in better shape for the future generations than we found it.
We never had books at home, but my dad, seeing how keen I was to read, took me to Islington Library when I was about eight and we pulled out two - a Biggles and a science fiction novel. I never got the ace fighter pilot but fell in love with all things to do with the future and space. Isaac Asimov soon became my guiding star.
I think there's a difference between ditzy and dumb. Dumb is just not knowing. Ditzy is having the courage to ask!
I'm not really smart, but I'm dedicated. I can be good at anything if I love it and dedicate myself. And I love history. I love science. I love music. I love golf. I love learning. I love life.
If God wanted us to fly, He would have given us tickets.
Nature has given women so much power that the law has very wisely given them little.
There is nothing like the way people feel after they've seen 'The Intouchables.' They feel amazing. The word of mouth on this film is incredible. It's intelligent-feeling good. You're not insulted by the low-browness or stupidity of some of the humor. It's so smart and terrific.
When we look out into space, we're looking back in time; the light from a galaxy a billion light-years away, for instance, will take a billion years to reach us. It's an amazing thing. The history is there for us to see. It's not mushed up like the geologic record of Earth. You can just see it exactly as it was.
When you're dead, you're dead. That's it.
Numerous politicians have seized absolute power and muzzled the press. Never in history has the press seized absolute power and muzzled the politicians.
God will have a humble people. Either we can choose to be humble, or we can be compelled to be humble.
As far as the men who are running for president are concerned, they aren't even people I would date.
When did the future switch from being a promise to a threat?
Nothing in man is more serious than his sense of humor; it is the sign that he wants all the truth.
Batman. I like the idea that if I had enough money, time, and vengeance, I could become him.
Not the torturer will scare me, nor the body's final fall, nor the barrels of death's rifles, nor the shadows on the wall, nor the night when to the ground the last dim star of pain, is hurled but the blind indifference of a merciless, unfeeling world.
I have seen many storms in my life. Most storms have caught me by surprise, so I had to learn very quickly to look further and understand that I am not capable of controlling the weather, to exercise the art of patience and to respect the fury of nature.
It's very hard to write humor.
We were intrigued by the fact that we had so much actual behavior among people on our dating site, OKCupid.
There is art and beauty and power in the primal images of fantasy.
My values - going back to my childhood - were always based on respect for all people and rejection of bigotry and racism.
God has entrusted us with his most precious treasure - people. He asks us to shepherd and mold them into strong disciples, with brave faith and good character.
I've always enjoyed poor health.
Had I not come out with an inspirational CD, you perhaps would have never known that I feel like I feel, that all songs, all the music I've ever done is a gift from God.
The way we work in public health is, we make the best recommendations and decisions based on the best available data.
Mushrooms are miniature pharmaceutical factories, and of the thousands of mushroom species in nature, our ancestors and modern scientists have identified several dozen that have a unique combination of talents that improve our health.
I was a little shocked at how adult some of the humor was, because I was never that into animation before and when I watched 'Shrek' I really laughed out loud.
Health care should be a right; it should never be a privilege. We should have Medicare for all in this country.
I was deployed in Afghanistan and Iraq with British Special Forces Units. I have great respect for the British military and the country as a whole, so I don't have anything negative to say about that.
I am dating, but it is hard to find someone quick enough and funny enough. I am quite demanding.
Let us sacrifice our today so that our children can have a better tomorrow.
Death is not an event in life: we do not live to experience death. If we take eternity to mean not infinite temporal duration but timelessness, then eternal life belongs to those who live in the present.
I'm the one person who wears the words 'hustle, loyalty, respect' on my T-shirts and merchandise. My audience is children. It's very flattering to see a kid wear your T-shirt; it's even more flattering to have a dad come up to you and say, 'I watch you with my kid. Keep doing what you're doing. You're a role model for my son.'
Blockchain's a very interesting technology that will have some very profound applications for society over the years to come.
There's no way to approach anything in an objective way. We're completely subjective; our view of the world is completely controlled by who we are as human beings, as men or women, by our age, our history, our profession, by the state of the world.
I'm blessed enough to been in the game for a while and still have my beautiful fans and still have the respect. That's something that gets me going. I'm also fortunate enough to take vacation and take a little hiatus.
One of our things is that money follows; it does not lead. So we want people that are fired up and passionate about their mission... and people that aren't so married to spreadsheets and thinking that kind of voodoo controls the future. Because it doesn't.
I love doing comedy. You don't get many good comedy scripts. They're rare. But, I do love playing comedy. Even in drama, I like to try to find the humor because I think it's very human.
Let's not call physical comedy falling down and pratfalls. All humor is physical, no matter how you dish it out. It's timing, like a dancer or an athlete would have.
I failed to fulfill what should have been an interesting role. I couldn't take their formula and bring what I had, my humor, my ideas, and make it my own.
The most important thing as a leader is your relationship with God.
The First Industrial Revolution used water and steam power to mechanize production. The Second used electric power to create mass production. The Third used electronics and information technology to automate production.
We, therefore, here in Britain stand shoulder to shoulder with our American friends in this hour of tragedy, and we, like them, will not rest until this evil is driven from our world.
My whole professional life has been dedicated to improving access, affordability, quality and choice of health care.
Darkness comes. In the middle of it, the future looks blank. The temptation to quit is huge. Don't. You are in good company... You will argue with yourself that there is no way forward. But with God, nothing is impossible. He has more ropes and ladders and tunnels out of pits than you can conceive. Wait. Pray without ceasing. Hope.
We're losing our way as a society. If we don't stand up, if we don't say what we think those rights should be, and if we don't protect them, we will very soon find out that we do not have them.
The best people to have power are the ones who don't want it.
Many times, the decisions we make affect and hurt your closest friends and family the most. I have a lot of regrets in that regard. But God has forgiven me, which I am very thankful for. It has enabled me to forgive myself and move forward one day at a time.
There is an urgent need to stop subsidizing the fossil fuel industry, dramatically reduce wasted energy, and significantly shift our power supplies from oil, coal, and natural gas to wind, solar, geothermal, and other renewable energy sources.
Any good broadcast, not just an Olympic broadcast, should have texture to it. It should have information, should have some history, should have something that's offbeat, quirky, humorous, and where called for it, should have journalism, and judiciously it should also have commentary. That's my ideal.
We're all very sensitive that Jim has the shortest history with the band. He wants to be somewhat of a free agent. I'm just going to let time dictate how Jim's future evolves.
Knowledge is death in my experience. The more I know about film, the harder it is to create freely.
I will not walk away from the people and communities whom I love deeply. I will continue to raise my voice for justice and equality for all, organize communities who want to defend the rights of black people, stand against policies that target and marginalize Muslims, and advocate for health care for all people.
Either you decide to stay in the shallow end of the pool or you go out in the ocean.
I love when I think about the SummerSlam match against The Undertaker. What a great match, wonderful story. Two wrestlers that had such great respect for one another.
God is best known in not knowing him.
I have a respect for manners as such, they are a way of dealing with people you don't agree with or like.
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma - which is living with the results of other people's thinking. Don't let the noise of others' opinions drown out your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition.
I want to extend my gratitude and thankfulness to all those who care and love my family and myself, and our situation, especially the American people who show their care about the quality of justice as a universal value and I'm very grateful to all of you.
If I ever have sex with someone I might be able to develop a sense of humor.
The one thing that kept our family together was the music. The only thing that our family would share emotionally was to have our dad cry over something the kids did with music.
The power of the human spirit inspires me. Movies, books, stories, people, anything that reminds us that we are more than just this physical body and our capacity for love and courage can bend reality.
Don't spend time beating on a wall, hoping to transform it into a door.
I'm a good girl because I really believe in love, integrity, and respect. I'm a bad girl because I like to tease.
We are fast approaching the stage of the ultimate inversion: the stage where the government is free to do anything it pleases, while the citizens may act only by permission; which is the stage of the darkest periods of human history, the stage of rule by brute force.
I get called 'Mayor West' a lot in airports. I've been very fortunate to have a fan base that keeps growing, and the work gets such a warm response and humor from people.
If you accept the expectations of others, especially negative ones, then you never will change the outcome.
God's dream is that you and I and all of us will realize that we are family, that we are made for togetherness, for goodness, and for compassion.
I'm not a dating person.
My favorite subject was lunch time.
Let me start by saying I wish no country had the need for an army. But in Israel, serving is part of being an Israeli. You've got to give back to the state. You give two or three years, and it's not about you. You give your freedom away. You learn discipline and respect.
All architects want to live beyond their deaths.
Someone asked me what the key to being a good frontman was, and I think having a sense of humor about it is pretty near the top of that list. It's a very strange place to be in, and I don't take that role too seriously.
Attention to health is life's greatest hindrance.
Magic is a state of mind. It is often portrayed as very black and gothic, and that is because certain practitioners played that up for a sense of power and prestige. That is a disservice. Magic is very colorful. Of this, I am sure.
Two roads diverged in a wood and I - I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference.
It is our job, as members of parliament, to legislate with an eye to the long term future, to look over the horizon beyond the next election and ensure that as far as we can what we do today will make Australia a better place, a safer place, for future generations to live in.
Society exists only as a mental concept; in the real world there are only individuals.
Try to find someone with a sense of humor. That's an important thing to have because when you get into an argument, one of the best ways to diffuse it is to be funny. You don't want to hide away from a point, because some points are serious, but you'd rather have a discussion that was a discussion, rather than an argument.
Family means no one gets left behind or forgotten.
The power of doing anything with quickness is always prized much by the possessor, and often without any attention to the imperfection of the performance.
Well-timed silence is the most commanding expression.
Astrobiology is the science of life in the universe. It's an attempt to scientifically deal with the question of whether or not we're alone in the universe, looking at the past of life, the present of life, and the future of life. It's an interdisciplinary study incorporating astronomy, biology, and the Earth sciences.
There's no time for regrets. You've just got to keep moving forward.
Death is the final wake-up call.
I care about climate change because of our children. I want to safeguard their future.
I don't think we handled the aftermath of the fall of Baghdad as well as we might have. But that's now history.
Most people can bear adversity; but if you wish to know what a man really is give him power.
The essence of global health equity is the idea that something so precious as health might be viewed as a right.
Whenever I date a guy, I think, 'Is this the man I want my children to spend their weekends with?'
Immorality: the morality of those who are having a better time.
I thought law school was more like the guillotine. I didn't really think I would make it; I just thought this is one of the few ways to potentially get respect, to go to law school.
I come from a middle-class South Indian family, and we speak Tulu at home. I never led a lavish life, and I have my feet on the ground.
Sometimes, I use humor because I believe in revealing truth in a way that other forms cannot.
It is impious to say that evil has its origin from God, because naught contrary is produced by the contrary. Life does not generate death, nor is darkness the beginning of light, nor is disease the maker of health, but in the changes of conditions there are transitions from one condition to the contrary.
Humor is merely tragedy standing on its head with its pants torn.
New York was no mere city. It was instead an infinitely romantic notion, the mysterious nexus of all love and money and power, the shining and perishable dream itself.
In Madrid I lived quietly and then Lisbon cost me more. Language was a subject and adaptation was slow, but getting to Wolverhampton was radical. It gave me peace of mind. There I can go as if nothing to make my life. People approach, with respect, to tell me that they are happy with me.
Since we can't know what knowledge will be most needed in the future, it is senseless to try to teach it in advance. Instead, we should try to turn out people who love learning so much and learn so well that they will be able to learn whatever needs to be learned.
We are, in the comics, the last frontier of good, wholesome family humor and entertainment.
People usually spend the first two months playing themselves up, not really being themselves. You waste those two months - and then they tell you, 'You're not who I was dating the first month!'
While Free Choice Vouchers didn't fulfill my vision of a health care system in which every American would be empowered to hire and fire their insurance company, they were a foothold for choice and competition and a safety valve for Americans whose employers are already forcing them to bear more and more of their family's health insurance costs.
I left my husband a year after 9/11. Not because he was an American and I an Egyptian, nothing to do with culture or religion, nothing to do with 9/11. We brought out the worst in each other. But before we separated, we visited N.Y.C. one more time together for a friend's engagement, and we went to pay our respects at the site of the attacks.
The rumors of my death have been greatly exaggerated.
If you want to make God laugh, tell him about your plans.
I don't think it's government's job to find health care for people. I think it's the individual's job to find health care.
This world of ours... must avoid becoming a community of dreadful fear and hate, and be, instead, a proud confederation of mutual trust and respect.
The word courage - God, I love that word. Words are so important to me.
Workshops and seminars are basically financial speed dating for clueless people.
Humor is a blessing to me. My earliest recollections are of looking at something and seeing the lighter side. But it's always spontaneous. I couldn't write a comedy skit for someone else.
Middle class families are struggling to send their sons and daughters to school. For many Americans, a college education is essential to future success.
I wrote my novel 'Bitter Greens' as the creative component of a Doctorate of Creative Arts and am now looking at the history of the Rapunzel tale as my theoretical component.
Family quarrels are bitter things. They don't go according to any rules. They're not like aches or wounds, they're more like splits in the skin that won't heal because there's not enough material.
There is a lack of humor in fashion. To me, it's always been the fun, cool industry to work in, and I always wanted people to be on my side and see how much fun we really have behind the scenes.
Hollywood doesn't even have respect for itself. Hollywood lies to itself.
The greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude.
A society that does not correctly interpret and appreciate its past cannot understand its present fortunes and adversities and can be caught unawares in a fast changing world.
Some women flirt more with what they say, and some with what they do.
At one point in my life, I thought getting old was a bad thing. Then I realized that the prestige, the respect, and the honor that people hold you at for being able to do anything for 20 years is well worth it.
The Bible is not man's word about God, but God's word about man.
The gods conceal from men the happiness of death, that they may endure life.
Mama grizzlies mate later than other bears. They have two cubs instead of four. They wait four years - about twice as long as other bears - between having cubs. And after they're pregnant, if winter is hard or their health is not good or the food supply is uncertain, they re-absorb the embryo into their body.
The society which scorns excellence in plumbing as a humble activity and tolerates shoddiness in philosophy because it is an exalted activity will have neither good plumbing nor good philosophy: neither its pipes nor its theories will hold water.
God may not be there when you want him but he is always on time.
The combination of landing the biggest interview of my career and having a drill in my back reminds me that God only gives us what we can handle and that it helps to have a good sense of humor when we run smack into the absurdity of life.
A lot of people who've been athletes have come here and not been able to just pick it up right away. I hate using this example, and I love her to death, but Eva Marie. She was an amazing soccer player and athlete, but coming to WWE and getting in the ring was a whole different ball game for her.
There are always a few who stand up in times of communal madness and have the courage to say that what unites us is greater than what divides us.
Man can and does rationalize his sins. He finds reasons for all his weakness, invents excuses that first calm and then deaden his conscience. He blames God, society, education, and environment for his wrong doing.
Over time, naturally, you lose your innocence from gaining knowledge. You can't be innocent forever, but there's something in innocence you need to regain to be creative.
In this age of globalization, instant real time media and television, everyone all over the world realizes that high energy usage equates with a high standard of living and wealth.
Nanotechnology will let us build computers that are incredibly powerful. We'll have more power in the volume of a sugar cube than exists in the entire world today.
We all know the dangers of sequels. Lightning doesn't strike twice in the same place too often, and I think you've got to move beyond it, go the extra mile and have the courage not to just repeat the first one.
History is an account, mostly false, of events, mostly unimportant, which are brought about by rulers, mostly knaves, and soldiers, mostly fools.
God sent Jesus as an example to see if we could retain and maintain the Holy Spirit in human flesh.
We can't blame children for occupying themselves with Facebook rather than playing in the mud. Our society doesn't put a priority on connecting with nature. In fact, too often we tell them it's dirty and dangerous.
It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are.
'Easter' is a movable event, calculated by the relative positions of sun and moon, an impossible way of fixing year by year the anniversary of a historical event, but a very natural and indeed inevitable way of calculating a solar festival. These changing dates do not point to the history of a man, but to the hero of a solar myth.
For a genre that's about looking to the future, science fiction has sure been looking backwards lately. Nostalgia is what sells best, with readers spending their money on movie tie-in novels and sequels to long-running series.
Life isn't fair. It's just fairer than death, that's all.
Besides acting, I love reading books, dancing, singing, and following a few sports. My favorite sport is tennis. I love travelling, and I see a new place every year. Luckily, my job helps me do that very easily. In my spare time, I also spend time watching English TV shows like 'Grey's Anatomy,' 'Modern Family,' 'House MD' and a few others.
If our nation is to rebuild opportunity for future generations, it will require our elected leaders to realize that their responsibility lies not with their political party, but rather with the American people that they have been chosen to represent.
Natural gas obviously brings with it a number of quality-of-life environmental benefits because it is a relatively clean-burning fuel. It has a CO2 footprint, but it has no particulates. It has none of the other emissions elements that are of concern to public health that other forms of power-generation fuels do have: coal, fuel oil, others.
The only thing I can do is fight. Win or lose, I'm here every damn time.
I have a magpie mind, by which I mean I see and hear little things - photos, fragments of conversation - and store them away for future use.
Humanity has the stars in its future, and that future is too important to be lost under the burden of juvenile folly and ignorant superstition.
I don't excercise. If God had wanted me to bend over, he would have put diamonds on the floor.
Mental health can be just as important as physical health - and major depression is one of the most commonly diagnosed mental illnesses.
My last vivid boyhood fright from books came when I was 15; I was visiting my uncle and aunt in Greenwich, and, emboldened by my success with 'The Waste Land,' I opened their copy of 'Ulysses.' The whiff of death off those remorseless, closely written pages overpowered me. So: back to soluble mysteries, and jokes that were not cosmic.
People tend to look at mental health differently than physical health. If someone tears their ACL, we don't expect them to run 30 yards for a touchdown. They need to be treated and have the time to rest and heal, It's the same thing for mental health.
My first son Tony was born when I was only eighteen. I was a still a kid; I wasn't ready to be a dad, so he was put up for adoption and went off to live with a family that could care for him.
Marriage has a unique place because it speaks of an absolute faithfulness, a covenant between radically different persons, male and female; and so it echoes the absolute covenant of God with his chosen, a covenant between radically different partners.
I'd say Bill Bixby's character in 'Beantown' is Tom Brokaw with a heart and a sense of humor.
Following the light of the sun, we left the Old World.
People talk about the courage of condemned men walking to the place of execution: sometimes it needs as much courage to walk with any kind of bearing towards another person's habitual misery.
It's always been my personal feeling that unless you are married, there is something that is not very dignified about talking about who you are dating.
I feel like everyone needs to respect Paris Hilton.
The waving of a pine tree on the top of a mountain - a magic wand in Nature's hand - every devout mountaineer knows its power; but the marvelous beauty value of what the Scotch call a breckan in a still dell, what poet has sung this?
As far as me being inspirational to other combat-wounded guys, I would say that it's the opposite. To see guys at Walter Reed that I recovered with every day and they were missing every single one of their limbs - that is what I would say is inspiring.
But I dare not think too far into the future on the risk that I'll miss the present.
Thank God for the journey.
History says, 'Don't hope on this side of the grave.'
Seeds and nuts are indispensable for cardiovascular health. The protective properties of nuts against coronary heart disease were first recognized in the early 1990s, and a strong body of literature has followed, confirming these original findings.
The most terrible fear that anybody should have is not war, is not a disease, not cancer or heart problems or food poisoning - it's a man or a woman without a sense of humor.
It's very important that historic cities are allowed to reinvent their future.
I have learned that the biggest stars and the greatest players are the most humble ones, the ones who respect people the most.
I suppose the Church would be perfect only if it were run by perfect beings. God is perfect, and His doctrine is pure. But He works through us - His imperfect children - and imperfect people make mistakes.
My own life is wonderful, but if I had to live the life of someone else, I'd gladly choose that of Julia Child or Dr. Seuss: two outrageously original people, each of whom fashioned an idiosyncratic wisdom, passion for life, and sense of humor into an art form that anyone and everyone could savor.
If God made anything better than women, I think he kept it for himself.
My father was a politician. My grandfather was a politician too, maybe it's an innate idea of representing people that we have in our family. I won't go into politics. I think I can provide the voice for the voiceless through law.
Technology gives us power, but it does not and cannot tell us how to use that power. Thanks to technology, we can instantly communicate across the world, but it still doesn't help us know what to say.
When I got the call from Chippendales, my jaw dropped, as it came on the heels of TMZ calling me fat on national TV. I am passionate about health and fitness, so I've kept in shape, and dancing is something I've always enjoyed, so I figured, why not?
I never make the mistake of arguing with people for whose opinions I have no respect.
Every single immigrant is part of a larger history that needs to be communicated in all its ambivalences and complexities.
Be strong, believe in freedom and in God, love yourself, understand your sexuality, have a sense of humor, masturbate, don't judge people by their religion, color or sexual habits, love life and your family.
I'm very comfortable with the nature of life and death, and that we come to an end. What's most difficult to imagine is that those dreams and early yearnings and desires of childhood and adolescence will also disappear. But who knows? Maybe you become part of the eternal whatever.
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart.
Being a leader for me is about having the courage to speak the truth, and live the truth, despite attempts to silence our thoughts, feelings, and past experiences.
Amongst the qualities a hero should have, I would include determination, loyalty, courage, perseverance, patience, focus, intrepidity and selflessness.
He was just trying to tease me - I knew that later - but he said he'd have to leave because it wasn't fair to have anyone in the room who was going to make fun of what he had to say. He had a good sense of humor, really.
Art, freedom and creativity will change society faster than politics.
Make gifts meaningful by putting the time in creating them, whether baking and cooking, or in making arts and craft. It will all have more meaning for the giver and receiver.
I find that if I don't have enough physical activity in life, I don't do as well with anything else in my life. It's stress relief; it's good health. It's fun. It's alone time, for the most part.
There's this myth that there's no loyalty in football. Well, there's tremendous loyalty and emotion and respect that go into the coaches and players you've gone into battle with. But as an owner, you have to make the decisions that are the right ones for the organization, that are the right ones that will help you win.
It takes a great deal of courage to follow another person's lead.
You are never given a wish without also being given the power to make it come true. You may have to work for it, however.
Friends are the siblings God never gave us.
I look back on being 17 and think, 'Oh my God, how did I not die?'
Life isn't meant to be easy. It's hard to take being on the top - or on the bottom. I guess I'm something of a fatalist. You have to have a sense of history, I think, to survive some of these things... Life is one crisis after another.
I don't think anyone has a normal family.
Imagination was given to man to compensate him for what he isn't. A sense of humor was provided to console him for what he is.
Most powerful is he who has himself in his own power.
Born of a noble father and a saintly mother, President Hinckley learned as a young boy the truths of the restored gospel from his faithful parents. He came to respect deeply and value highly his pioneer heritage.
There are glimpses of heaven to us in every act, or thought, or word, that raises us above ourselves.
These rules may seem simple enough, but it will require great morale and physical courage to adhere to them. But if carried out in the strict sense of the word it will surely lead to a greater success than could otherwise be attained.
The future will either be green or not at all.
During the long process of history, by relying on our own diligence, courage and wisdom, Chinese people have opened up a good and beautiful home where all ethnic groups live in harmony and fostered an excellent culture that never fades.
Every great film should seem new every time you see it.
I have a great sense of humor, I mean even when my meme came out I reposted it. I didn't care. I was laughing, too!
We may not all be equally guilty. But we are all equally responsible for building a decent and just society.
I like the story about Henry David Thoreau, who, when he was on his death bed, his family sent for a minister. The minister said, 'Henry, have you made your peace with God?' Thoreau said, 'I didn't know we'd quarreled.'
Police in China can do whatever they want; after 81 days in arbitrary detention you clearly realise that they don't have to obey their own laws. In a society like this there is no negotiation, no discussion, except to tell you that power can crush you any time they want - not only you, your whole family and all people like you.
I don't believe in death, neither in flesh nor in spirit.
We all have a gift; we all have a passion - it's just about finding it and going into it. Being an asset to your family and community.
No one remembers how the American people responded day-to-day, week-to-week, or month-to-month about the decisions that Presidents Franklin D. Roosevelt, Harry Truman and Dwight Eisenhower made during the most dangerous decades in American and world history. But we know now that they did what was right, and we honor them for it.
When the past no longer illuminates the future, the spirit walks in darkness.
While the Bible's account of the flood is one of judgment, it is also one of mercy and salvation. Likewise, our future full-size evangelistic Noah's Ark will honor the Bible as God's word and not treat it as a pagan fable.
Time stays long enough for anyone who will use it.
I never wanted to become a CA. My father was keen that I become one because he thought that was the right thing for me to do. I didn't have the courage to tell him that I don't want to do it. But now, I can't thank him more for having put me through it.
And why do we, who say we oppose tyranny and demand freedom of speech, allow people to go to prison and be vilified, and magazines to be closed down on the spot, for suggesting another version of history.
I do not have a sense of humor of any recognizable sort.
I do not want to foresee the future. I am concerned with taking care of the present. God has given me no control over the moment following.
Everything that wasn't invented by God is invented by an engineer.
If I am to be known for anything, I would like it to be for encouraging Canadians, for knowing a little bit about their daily, extraordinary courage. And for wanting that courage to be recognized.
You can't choose your family, but you can choose your friends.
People who are in a position of power like to throw their weight around, and that becomes abuse.
You can have all the talent in the world, but it's the ability to go out there every day and try to get better. And that's the key to being successful and being successful for a long time.
The goal of my diet-style is eating for optimal health and longevity. What greater benefit could there be than living healthfully and actively into old age with no dependence on medications and almost no risk of heart disease, diabetes or dementia?
But suppose God is black? What if we go to Heaven and we, all our lives, have treated the Negro as an inferior, and God is there, and we look up and He is not white? What then is our response?
I grew up in Alsace - in Strasbourg, by the canal; the family business was coal handling. It was still in the days when three generations would live under the same roof. There were 15 people for lunch, 20 for dinner.
Exile is like death. You cannot understand it until it happens to you.
Your legal career is but a means to an end, and... that end is building the kingdom of God.
When we realize that something as primal as the food that we choose to eat each day makes such an important difference in addressing both global warming and personal health, it empowers us and imbues these choices with meaning. If it's meaningful, then it's sustainable - and a meaningful life is a longer life.
It is quite clear that compelling content, which is made available on economic terms that respect the intellectual rights of owners, can be a tremendous spur to the growth of broadband networks.
It is not I who have been consigned to the bedroom of history.
I want to change history, do something important in my life, and influence individuals like we have with millions of small businesses on Alibaba. Then they love and respect you because you made their life important.
No, I did a film called 'Death and the Compass' as well.
If we are all in agreement on the decision - then I propose we postpone further discussion of this matter until our next meeting to give ourselves time to develop disagreement and perhaps gain some understanding of what the decision is all about.
In Australia, even the darkest subject matter has a little pinch of humor. A little sweet to make the sour go down.
Authority is supposedly grounded in wisdom, but I could see from a very early age that authority was only a system of control. And it didn't have any inherent wisdom. I quickly realized that you either became a power or you were crushed.
I can make a lord, but only God can make a gentleman.
Try to be a rainbow in someone's cloud.
What is morality in any given time or place? It is what the majority then and there happen to like and immorality is what they dislike.
Our motto is we respect and honour the pigness of the pig and the chickenness of the chicken. That means not confining them in a house with hundreds of others.
There were dozens of dating apps when Bumble came on the scene, but they weren't able to attract critical mass in a young professional group.
Ordinary people seem not to realize that those who really apply themselves in the right way to philosophy are directly and of their own accord preparing themselves for dying and death.
If you think health care is expensive now, just wait 'til it's free.
There is nothing more fearful for the average person in our society than to stand before a group of people and speak.
I really believe in the power of positive thinking and the collective power of people's thoughts spawning something into becoming reality.
To dance is to be out of yourself. Larger, more beautiful, more powerful. This is power, it is glory on earth and it is yours for the taking.
I think the older you get, the more you realize how important life is, the more you think about your family.
The history of mankind is the history of ideas.
I'm not a big fan of religion for that reason. But I am a true believer in God, and I have great faith, and I think that a spiritual connection with something is a really important part of our experience. That doesn't necessarily have anything to do with the church.
It takes great strength and courage to ask for help.
To be hopeful means to be uncertain about the future, to be tender toward possibilities, to be dedicated to change all the way down to the bottom of your heart.
I've got a really good family; I've got great friends around me.
I have a weird definition of family; it's not the same as everyone else's.
It is by acts and not by ideas that people live.
It's really helpful when you do something you don't like. You won't make that mistake again. It's like dating a bunch of people who are wrong for you - you learn so much more about yourself that way.
A taste for irony has kept more hearts from breaking than a sense of humor, for it takes irony to appreciate the joke which is on oneself.
Laws that treat people living with HIV or those at greatest risk with respect start with the way that we treat them ourselves: as equals. If we are going to stop the spread of HIV in our lifetime, then that is the change we need to spread.
The rise of childhood obesity has placed the health of an entire generation at risk.
After you've done all the work and prepared as much as you can, what the hell, you might as well go out and have a good time.
Just as future eclipses of the Sun and Moon are indicated in the present relations of those bodies, so are future earthly lives indicated in what now lives within us.
I don't have much experience, but the few times when I would go on a date with a girl - like when I was 12 - there was a lot of sharing, and a lot of talking, and a lot of asking how I am. They thought we were dating, and I was sort of hoping to meet their brothers.
We live in a quick-fix society where we need instant gratification for everything. Too fat? Get lipo-sucked. Stringy hair? Glue on extensions. Wrinkles and lines? Head to the beauty shop for a pot of the latest miracle skin stuff. It's all a beautiful 1 billion con foisted upon insecure women by canny cosmetic conglomerates.
A man's true state of power and riches is to be in himself.
If you want creative workers, give them enough time to play.
I do not agree with what you have to say, but I'll defend to the death your right to say it.
It's not that I don't believe in creativity and innovation and new ideas, and the creativity that comes with fashion, which I really respect. But one of my biggest concerns is just how cheap we expect everything to be.
Every day, I get closer to God. Every day, my will to do the right thing gets stronger.
Show me your hands. Do they have scars from giving? Show me your feet. Are they wounded in service? Show me your heart. Have you left a place for divine love?
Black History Month must be more than just a month of remembrance; it should be a tribute to our history and reminder of the work that lies in the months and years ahead.
If one suffers we all suffer. Togetherness is strength. Courage.
Healthcare is a human right. No one should face bankruptcy or death because of lack of healthcare. All Americans - regardless of their health or residential status - should be able to access the healthcare they need, whenever they need it.
I suppose I miss the British cynicism and the humor.
I respect all grandpas around the world doin' it big.
We can chart our future clearly and wisely only when we know the path which has led to the present.
What I have known with respect to myself, has tended much to lessen both my admiration, and my contempt, of others.
I love some of the most hateful tweets. I think they're very funny. In the negative attacks on me, there are frequently some real displays of humor. I want to reply, but I won't, because there are all sorts of other people making serious points that I care about, and I don't want them to be discouraged.
I love history... everything is inspired by history, so that's why I love vintage and antiques.
You can't be funny if you don't have good material.
Health is the greatest possession. Contentment is the greatest treasure. Confidence is the greatest friend. Non-being is the greatest joy.
We need to be investing in manufacturing and small businesses. We need to be creating a workforce where Americans can compete in a global marketplace because they have the necessary skills. And we need fairness, and we need a sustainable, strong economy that's durable for the future.
Good literature is absolutely necessary for a society that wants to be free.
The future is no more uncertain than the present.
Mitt Romney has a history of being a great job creator. Secondly, he was a great governor. He went from billions of dollars in the hole when he became governor to billions of dollars in surplus when he left. And he went from the loss of tens of thousands jobs when he became governor to the creation of 40,000 new jobs when he left office.
Poop humor is fun. If you do the toilet scenes well and commit to them, they can be really, really powerful.
'Tis healthy to be sick sometimes.
The power of one, if fearless and focused, is formidable, but the power of many working together is better.
One of the most sincere forms of respect is actually listening to what another has to say.
What's upsetting about an autobiography is that the final chapter is always missing. I mean, you want the death, don't you?
We may be surprised at the people we find in heaven. God has a soft spot for sinners. His standards are quite low.
The Offshore Wind Energy Act could be not only a jobs creator, but also a history maker.
Laughter is the closest thing to the grace of God.
Anybody I'm dating, I don't want them to talk about my music. I don't talk about my music to them.
I keep dreaming of a future, a future with a long and healthy life, not lived in the shadow of cancer but in the light.
I'm obsessed with insects, particularly insect flight. I think the evolution of insect flight is perhaps one of the most important events in the history of life. Without insects, there'd be no flowering plants. Without flowering plants, there would be no clever, fruit-eating primates giving TED Talks.
Coming through the fire and through the storm of life with a strong man, my fiance Ashanti, whom I've been dating for eight months and two wonderful children beside me, I'm just so happy that I have been able to maintain my integrity and get to where I am today with the right energy around me.
I have a country-boy sense of humor. I come from a poor family, and I have no education. But I am Middle America, and what makes me laugh is what makes them laugh.
Death is not the biggest fear we have; our biggest fear is taking the risk to be alive - the risk to be alive and express what we really are.
Scottish politics, U.K. politics, is not really like American politics in this respect. Not everybody is absolutely obsessed with image. I'm not saying the United States is obsessed with image.
I have great respect for the men and women that have fought for this country. I have family, I have friends that have gone and fought for this country. And they fight for freedom, they fight for the people, they fight for liberty and justice, for everyone.
I ask every Australian to think about what the constitutional exclusion says to Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Australians, to see our vast and inspiring history in this land not mentioned in the official picture like that.
(On seeing a former lover for the first time in years) I thought I told you to wait in the car.
Men secretly respect a woman who is strong, has confidence and has dreams of her own. There's nothing more attractive to a man than a woman who has dignity and pride in who she is.
Our society finds truth too strong a medicine to digest undiluted. In its purest form, truth is not a polite tap on the shoulder. It is a howling reproach.
I really love middle-grade. Middle-grade books have a little more of a magical, light-hearted feel. You can be a little bit more quirky, you can have a little more humor. It doesn't get so dark and deep.
God can only do for you what He can do through you.
Even when I was dating a man I always said I'd never get married until marriage equality was passed in Australia. It wouldn't feel right.
Our lives are pretty calm. Merging on the freeway in the closest you get to risking your life. So what's missing now is that primal emotion of being scared to death, and I think that's why people crave thrills like roller coasters or scary movies. They give you the chance to feel this very primal emotion in a very controlled environment.
Life is just a short period of time in which you are alive.
Death never takes the wise man by surprise, he is always ready to go.
That's how to make a stand-up comedian: You take a person who is uncomfortable and try to squirrel their way out of it through humor.
The issues that matter to me are the social safety nets for people, health care, middle-class concerns. We need to take care of the middle class and the poor in our country.
I grew up, I had three uncles and... I loved Uncle Donald because he gave me dating advice, and I was, like, 5. But the other thing that I found fascinating about my Uncle Donald is he dressed up like a woman. And so I grew up around all of these men who dressed like women, so when I hear that, I don't hear a cause. I hear my family.
The art of war is of vital importance to the state. It is a matter of life and death, a road either to safety or to ruin. Hence it is a subject of inquiry which can on no account be neglected.
I think we have come to a place in black America, sadly from my point of view, where we have once again begun to rely on our history of victimization as our primary source of power to wield within society.
My mother was killed in a plane crash, so I hate travelling in planes. Death is so unexpected. I would actually rather stay at home and not go anywhere.
Human rights, race relations, gender politics, health care, and foreign policy - it's a lot to keep track of, and yet all of these things affect us in our daily lives. Making sense of everything requires meticulous unpacking of feelings, delicate navigation of social norms, and a community of love to help along the way.
The best prophet of the future is the past.
I think there are always phases in life when things get intense or difficult, whether it's the sheer volume of work or personal circumstances. And I've definitely had tough moments. The way I approach them is just to tell myself that this, too, will pass, and take it one day at a time.
The right to protect the health and well-being of every person, of those we love, is a basic human right.
The truth won't set us free - until we develop the skills and the habit and the talent and the moral courage to use it.
We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone.
That's the magic of art and the magic of theatre: it has the power to transform an audience, an individual, or en masse, to transform them and give them an epiphanal experience that changes their life, opens their hearts and their minds and the way they think.
The end of the world is on people's minds. We have the power to destroy or save ourselves, but the question is what do you do with that responsibility.
The awareness that health is dependent upon habits that we control makes us the first generation in history that to a large extent determines its own destiny.
There is a difference between a fighter and a martial artist. A fighter is training for a purpose: He has a fight. I'm a martial artist. I don't train for a fight. I train for myself. I'm training all the time. My goal is perfection. But I will never reach perfection.
The fleet sailed to its war base in the North Sea, headed not so much for some rendezvous with glory as for rendezvous with discretion.
I'm a big advocate of the power of positive thinking, particularly for small businesses.
Men who live valiantly and die nobly have a strength and a courage from the eternal Father.
I have seen in the Halls of Congress more idealism, more humanness, more compassion, more profiles of courage than in any other institution that I have ever known.
After the Berlin Wall came down I visited that city and I will never forget it. The abandoned checkpoints. The sense of excitement about the future. The knowledge that a great continent was coming together. Healing those wounds of our history is the central story of the European Union.
I don't hate dating people, but I'm not on social media or anything.
My inner strength comes from my friends. I have a very close group of friends and family, and we all help each other through our dark times.
My parents armed me with an amazing sense of humor, and it's what you need when, well, it's what anyone needs in this world.
Success is never final, failure is never fatal. It's courage that counts.
The greatest honor history can bestow is that of peacemaker.
Grammar is a piano I play by ear. All I know about grammar is its power.
It all happened so fast. The ghetto. The deportation. The sealed cattle car. The fiery altar upon which the history of our people and the future of mankind were meant to be sacrificed.
Women have served all these centuries as looking glasses possessing the power of reflecting the figure of man at twice its natural size.
I am not an atheist; I believe in God. But my religion ends there. I have my own personal belief system that is so strong it allows me to do what I do. I don't have to worry about going to Hell because of Slayer, you know? Everyone has a personal belief system and believes in life somehow.
My sense of humor is a turkey, and I pull it out of the oven and baste it in reality.
People talk about physical fitness, but mental health is equally important. I see people suffering, and their families feel a sense of shame about it, which doesn't help. One needs support and understanding. I am now working on an initiative to create awareness about anxiety and depression and help people.
Policy is no longer being written by politicians accountable to the American public. Instead, policies concerning the defense budget, deregulation, health care, public transportation, job training programs, and a host of other crucial areas are now largely written by lobbyists who represent mega corporations.
I do value the respect I get from my contemporaries, but to have Oasis cover my song, to have Puff Daddy cover a song, to have Goldie come along to my gigs - that's where my ego is at. To have my fellow musicians like what I do, that's very cool.
Let every man be respected as an individual and no man idolized.
I put my family first, and that's why for a long time, you didn't see me dating or hear about me dating or hear about me out. I had other focuses in my life, and that would be my family and my work.
And in this respect, the Israeli-Palestinian conflict has been a tragedy, a clash between one very powerful, very convincing, very painful claim over this land and another no less powerful, no less convincing claim.
When someone is good, but it doesn't seem like their world will collapse if they don't get the part, it's more appealing. It's like dating someone: You don't want someone who's too into you.
I always said God was against art and I still believe it.
Change is a continuous process. You cannot assess it with the static yardstick of a limited time frame. When a seed is sown into the ground, you cannot immediately see the plant. You have to be patient. With time, it grows into a large tree. And then the flowers bloom, and only then can the fruits be plucked.
Treat your kid like a darling for the first five years. For the next five years, scold them. By the time they turn sixteen, treat them like a friend. Your grown up children are your best friends.
The mental health conversation is very important to me. I have friends that struggle with various mental illnesses. I've struggled with depression and anxiety. I'm very interested in how we deal with that.
The Jews' greatest contribution to history is dissatisfaction! We're a nation born to be discontented. Whatever exists we believe can be changed for the better.
Today's headlines and history's judgment are rarely the same.
Three thousand people died at ground zero. Their families are entitled to a little bit of respect, to respect the memory of those poor people that died there. And how about the families of all those soldiers that died in the two ensuing wars? Aren't they entitled to a little bit of respect - the kids, the wives, the parents?
You may not always have a comfortable life and you will not always be able to solve all of the world's problems at once but don't ever underestimate the importance you can have because history has shown us that courage can be contagious and hope can take on a life of its own.
I love to think of nature as an unlimited broadcasting station, through which God speaks to us every hour, if we will only tune in.
In some ways, it's better that Obama got elected than McCain. I'd rather be stabbed in the chest with an Obama steak knife than to have been slowly bled to death with McCain paper cuts. Say what you will, but Obama has brought about a patriotic and civic renaissance, the likes of which I have never seen.
No man is excluded from calling upon God, the gate of salvation is set open unto all men: neither is there any other thing which keepeth us back from entering in, save only our own unbelief.
I think there's a great strength in having the courage and also having the support to do what you want to do when you're an artist in any way, shape or form.
In the long term we can hope that religion will change the nature of man and reduce conflict. But history is not encouraging in this respect. The bloodiest wars in history have been religious wars.
After my mother passed away, I felt as though I would never have a relationship as strong as the one that I had had with her. Then, after a lot of ups and downs, I started dating again - but I realised pretty quickly that I was never going to write cheesy love songs.
In football, I have learned to forget the past, think about the present, and the future will come as it may - thinking about it would be a mistake.
To this day, just always treat people the way you want to be treated. Whether it's family or friends or co-workers, I think it's the most important thing. Whether you have success or don't have it, whether you're a good person is all that matters.
Life is short, and we should respect every moment of it.
I'll do humor about myself, I'll poke fun and everything, but that's me and I can do it to me. I think it's cruel to do it to somebody else.
Smart women love smart men more than smart men love smart women.
There is no limit to the potential of brethren working together in complete brotherhood and selflessness toward spiritual goals. The power of God working through such channels will bring unimaginable blessings to all concerned.
It is capitalist America that produced the modern independent woman. Never in history have women had more freedom of choice in regard to dress, behavior, career, and sexual orientation.
We would like to live as we once lived, but history will not permit it.
There are certain people that are marked for death. I have my little list of those that treated me unfairly.
One can't plan marriage or dating.
Time has a way of demonstrating that the most stubborn are the most intelligent.
It's as if inside the White House the belief in Obama's inspirational charisma is still such that every time the ugliness of brute politics intrudes, it's a startling revelation.
Every video I've made has an inspirational message behind it. Since day one, I thought, 'Okay, I want my audience to be, like, Disney members.' So if that's the case, I have to keep everything rated G.
Fight the power that be. Fight the power.
The truth is, in order to get things like universal health care and a revamped education system, then someone is going to have to give up a piece of their pie so that someone else can have more.
I think God has a sense of humor, and the way my lessons come from God is very funny. I have to laugh at myself even if it's a tough lesson.
I think the first duty of society is justice.
Before me, even as behind, God is, and all is well.
Do we want a multicultural society, following the model of the English-speaking world, where fundamental Islam is progressing and we see major religious claims, or do we want an independent nation, with people able to control their own destiny, or do we accept to be a region managed by the technocrats of the European Union?
There is no better time than now, this very Christmas season, for all of us to rededicate ourselves to the principles taught by Jesus the Christ. It is the time to love the Lord, our God, with all our heart - and our neighbors as ourselves.
Information and inspiration are everywhere... history, art, architecture, everything an illustrator needs. Europe is, after all, the land that has generated most of the enduring myths and legends of Western culture.
Thinking Slayer's music is not my thing doesn't mean I don't respect the band for what they are and what they've done. I just won't play it. As I can imagine they won't listen to mine either, for that matter.
Our moral, religious, and political traditions are united in their respect for the dignity of human life.
Just growing up and going through life and how tough life was for me and my family, I'm always going to stay humble.
Society cannot continue to disable themselves through their need to categorize people or make assumptions as to another individual's abilities.
When I first met Alan Parker, who directed 'Angel Heart,' he'd heard so many horror stories about me that he was literally scared to death of me. Right away, he sat me down and said, 'I'm very scared of you. I've heard you're a very bad boy.'
I do love to eavesdrop. It's inspirational, not only for subject matter but for actual dialogue, the way people talk.
Time brings all things to pass.
If you look at it, the history of comedy has always been strongest among the nations who have been persecuted the most.
With all due respect to Coach O'Brien and Coach Godsey, I've told them I'm going to be me.
Deacon Jones has been the most inspirational person in my football career.
In the past 20 years of musical journey, what I realized is that one need to respect their teachers, elders and parents and their blessings are more than enough for one to reach success. I believe it as my success mantra.
In sharp contrast to the idea that this stage of life is enviable, we hear high levels of anxiety about getting old, anxieties about health, mobility, access to facilities, simple routine care and attention.
Will dissent be permitted? The answer to that question will determine whether the society is a free society or a fear society.
There is nothing impossible to him who will try.
Whatever my aims and agendas were, I never asked for power.
I love to cook, and I love to have all my family around the dinner table.
I love the vulgar. I kind of have the humor of a 17-year-old boy.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
Order is the sanity of the mind, the health of the body, the peace of the city, the security of the state. Like beams in a house or bones to a body, so is order to all things.
Exploring and colonizing Mars can bring us new scientific understanding of climate change, of how planet-wide processes can make a warm and wet world into a barren landscape. By exploring and understanding Mars, we may gain key insights into the past and future of our own world.
Love is space and time measured by the heart.
I believe that President Nixon was right in what he did at Watergate. Lack of respect for authority and things like socialism are turning this into a weak, effeminate country.
What we're doing is fun - if you have any sense of humor at all!
I think being a parent is knowing how to love. Sometimes love is discipline, sometimes it's humor, sometimes it's listening.
We live in a world in which courage is in less supply than genius.
Having two daughters changed my perspective on a lot of things, and I definitely have a newfound respect for women. And I think I finally became a good and real man when I had a daughter.
The Italians, who used to be a great motor-manufacturing power, have been absolutely destroyed by the euro - as was intended by the Germans.
I'm not afraid to die, I just don't want to be there when it happens.
Service to society is the rent we pay for living on this planet.
To have the truth in your possession you can be found guilty, sentenced to death.
I had hoped when my life was chronicled, it would be an inspirational story.
I have tried to lift France out of the mud. But she will return to her errors and vomitings. I cannot prevent the French from being French.
There's the famous quote that if you want to understand how animals live, you don't go to the zoo, you go to the jungle. The Future Lab has really pioneered that within Lego, and it hasn't been a theoretical exercise. It's been a real design-thinking approach to innovation, which we've learned an awful lot from.
My parents, my family, that's the biggest inspiration in my life. I've been in a lot of dark spots in my life, and if it wasn't for them, I wouldn't be able to get out of it, but they are who they are. They followed me. They yelled at me. They screamed at me. They loved me.
A fun pair of earrings is basically the finishing touch to any outfit; a nice watch is both practical and decorative, while the perfect unique bag is not only eye-catching but also timeless - it can be passed on to future generations.
I fear some of our leaders today have lost the courage to stand up. What we have now are politicians. They won't offer real plans, and only stand up when they want to blame someone else.
With happiness as with health: to enjoy it, one should be deprived of it occasionally.
When you are missing someone, time seems to move slower, and when I'm falling in love with someone, time seems to be moving faster.
We need to make sure we're all working together to change mindsets, to change attitudes, and to fight against the bad habits that we have as a society.
Software eventually and necessarily gained the same respect as any other discipline.
Costs for liability insurance are higher than costs for many procedures. There is a need to reform liability laws to stop out-of-control health care costs.
The longer I go on, the more I am aware of the power of finance.
Since the goal of my programs is to show audiences how humor can both help them heal as well as deal with not-so-funny stuff, I decided to discuss the events of the previous week, the pain all of us were feeling, and how humor and some laughter might be beneficial.
Let go of yesterday. Let today be a new beginning and be the best that you can, and you'll get to where God wants you to be.
They tell us that suicide is the greatest piece of cowardice... that suicide is wrong; when it is quite obvious that there is nothing in the world to which every man has a more unassailable title than to his own life and person.
There is no harm in patience, and no profit in lamentation. Death is easier to bear (than) that which precedes it, and more severe than that which comes after it. Remember the death of the Apostle of God, and your sorrow will be lessened.
I get asked a lot about my legacy. For me, it's being a good teammate, having the respect of my teammates, having the respect of the coaches and players. That's important to me.
What do most people say on their deathbed? They don't say, 'I wish I'd made more money.' What they say is, 'I wish I'd spent more time with my family and done more for society or my community.'
Humor can inform and break down stigma, which is a huge issue in the military.
I do a lot of inspirational talks for kids, to motivate them to change their lives and give them hope.
Trump has the courage to stand up to Wall Street, to the K Street lobbyists, and say our trade deals have not been best for the ordinary, average citizen American.
Everyone has a dream deep in their heart, which is a center of what they want to do. If they had all the money, and they had the time and they were guaranteed that they'd be successful, that dream is what they would love to do.
Humor can be one of our best survival tools.
Each time you love, love as deeply as if it were forever.
I really think that Muslim people should stop raising their boys and girls that way. They instill a macho culture right from the start of childhood. And if you have never learned to treat girls and women respectfully, you will never be able to act differently later on than the men in your culture, and in your family. That's fact.
A woman who knows that she doesn't have to get all decked out to look good is sexy. A woman who can make you feel smart with her conversation skills is also sexy. I believe the sense of humor is important.
The family that I live for only breathes the air that smells of combat.
Peace is a fragile thing. It takes courage to secure it. It takes wisdom to maintain it.
A strange thing is memory, and hope; one looks backward, and the other forward; one is of today, the other of tomorrow. Memory is history recorded in our brain, memory is a painter, it paints pictures of the past and of the day.
It took me until my 40s to realize the five essential areas that are important to at least have a real dating chance. Obviously, beyond the physical compatibility, which is where we all start in junior high school, I think that intellectual compatibility and spiritual compatibility, emotional intelligence, and financial compatibility are important.
The total absence of humor from the Bible is one of the most singular things in all literature.
'Big Bang Theory' is not my kind of show. It's not my humor. I don't like multicam comedies. I don't want an audience to tell me when to laugh.
Hold fast to the Bible. To the influence of this Book we are indebted for all the progress made in true civilization and to this we must look as our guide in the future.
Try to be like the turtle - at ease in your own shell.
Heroes are those who can somehow resist the power of the situation and act out of noble motives, or behave in ways that do not demean others when they easily can.
Terrorism takes us back to ages we thought were long gone if we allow it a free hand to corrupt democratic societies and destroy the basic rules of international life.
Watergate was unique because it allowed the public to play its democratic role in expressing its outrage at the presidency. And as a result, for the first time in history a president resigned.
There is but One God. His name is Truth; He is the Creator. He fears none; he is without hate. He never dies; He is beyond the cycle of births and death. He is self-illuminated. He is realized by the kindness of the True Guru. He was True in the beginning; He was True when the ages commenced and has ever been True. He is also True now.
To fall in love is to create a religion that has a fallible god.
God's mercy and grace give me hope - for myself, and for our world.
Whatever you vividly imagine, ardently desire, sincerely believe, and enthusiastically act upon... must inevitably come to pass!
Every step and every movement of the multitude, even in what are termed enlightened ages, are made with equal blindness to the future; and nations stumble upon establishments, which are indeed the result of human action, but not the execution of any human design.
I have one good characteristic: I'm a pessimist, so I always imagine the worst - always. To me, the future is a black hole.
Nature gives to every time and season some beauties of its own; and from morning to night, as from the cradle to the grave, it is but a succession of changes so gentle and easy that we can scarcely mark their progress.
We have a myth of the classless society. You won't hear an American politician apart from Bernie Sanders talk about the working class. We are all middle class, apparently.
When it is a question of God's almighty Spirit, never say, 'I can't.'
Language is the most extraordinary invention in the history of humanity, the one which came before everything and which makes it possible to share everything.
God has given you one face, and you make yourself another.
Brought up to respect the conventions, love had to end in marriage. I'm afraid it did.
Through prayer, fasting, and studying, God will answer.
There is no meaning to life except the meaning man gives his life by the unfolding of his powers.
But the real secret to lifelong good health is actually the opposite: Let your body take care of you.
Loss and possession, death and life are one, There falls no shadow where there shines no sun.
I have tremendous respect for Pakistani artistes, they are very talented, especially where music sense and melody is concerned.
I think of marriage as a garden. You have to tend to it. Respect it, take care of it, feed it. Make sure everyone is getting the right amount of, um, sunlight.
If you are young and you drink a great deal it will spoil your health, slow your mind, make you fat - in other words, turn you into an adult.
In acting, there's a type of courage you're recognized for all the time. You lose 100 pounds and play a guy with AIDS, and you get rewarded. But, in life, doing what is courageous is quiet, and no one knows about it. Courage is someone making sacrifices for their family or making selfless decisions for what they hope or feel.
Our subconscious minds have no sense of humor, play no jokes and cannot tell the difference between reality and an imagined thought or image. What we continually think about eventually will manifest in our lives.
I don't think 'Citizen Kane' stands more than one watch. Power corrupts. Who didn't know that?
I thank God that I can say on my death bed that I am a virtuous woman.
I prefer death in Christ Jesus to power over the farthest limits of the earth. He who died in place of us is the one object of my quest. He who rose for our sakes is my one desire.
When you forgive, you in no way change the past - but you sure do change the future.
The dead cannot cry out for justice. It is a duty of the living to do so for them.
Will power is only the tensile strength of one's own disposition. One cannot increase it by a single ounce.
Your soul is infinitely creative. It is alive and expansive in nature. It is curious and playful, changing with the tides of time.
Death is never polite, even when we expect it.
I have no plans, and no plans to plan.
In my opinion, the battles over birth control and Planned Parenthood are primarily neither political nor religious. This is an issue of equality for women. This is an issue of women's rights: Planned Parenthood is the most important private provider of reproductive health care for women in the United States.
The foundation of family - that's where it all begins for me.
I have friends of all religions and respect each of their beliefs.
Time and memory are true artists; they remould reality nearer to the heart's desire.
A mother's happiness is like a beacon, lighting up the future but reflected also on the past in the guise of fond memories.
My parents were very strict with me when it came to boys and dating.
There are proven health benefits for both babies and mothers who breastfeed, and it's unfortunate that it still carries an unfair stigma in our society.
Alas, nothing reveals man the way war does. Nothing so accentuates in him the beauty and ugliness, the intelligence and foolishness, the brutishness and humanity, the courage and cowardice, the enigma.
I wanted to live in the suburbs and have a white picket fence and my own bedroom. And a staircase - I thought having a staircase meant that you were a normal family. I thought somehow if you could transplant us to the suburbs, we would become a normal family. But in retrospect, I'm so grateful I grew up in the Chelsea.
I'm kind of shy when it comes to women, so I don't really approach them. I'll just admire them from afar, and if they happen to say something to me, then maybe I'll find the courage to say something.
Everywhere is within walking distance if you have the time.
I can't change the past, but one person can change the future - anything can happen.
I have sworn upon the altar of God, eternal hostility against every form of tyranny over the mind of man.
The upper middle class here still has options for entertainment. We have Internet, Hollywood and books. But for the majority and the masses, there is only TV. A lot of them sit at home and watch TV as they can't afford other forms of entertainment. So, we try to do shows which have inspirational value.
We never stop reading, although every book comes to an end, just as we never stop living, although death is certain.
A day without laughter is a day wasted.
People tend to look at dating sort of like a safari - like they're trying to land the trophy.
It's a big responsibility dating me. Because I come with a little bit of baggage, you know?
If you are not doing what you love, you are wasting your time.
Stories hold conflict and contrast, highs and lows, life and death, and the human struggle and all kinds of things.
Next to power without honor, the most dangerous thing in the world is power without humor.
Writing is not for me. I completely lose my sense of humor when I write. I become extremely pathetic, very sensational. Images give me possibilities that I don't have with words.
I enjoy nothing more than spending time with my loved ones, young and old, and at least once a year we get together for a formal family photograph.
The chief function of the city is to convert power into form, energy into culture, dead matter into the living symbols of art, biological reproduction into social creativity.
Your problem is how you are going to spend this one odd and precious life you have been issued. Whether you're going to spend it trying to look good and creating the illusion that you have power over people and circumstances, or whether you are going to taste it, enjoy it and find out the truth about who you are.
When you start in life, if you find you are wrongly placed, don't hesitate to change, but don't change because troubles come up and difficulties arise. You must meet and overcome and conquer them. And in meeting and overcoming and conquering them, you will make yourself stronger for the future.
Sadly, far too many politicians in Washington lack the courage to do something to fix our problems. They are worried about the political implications of making the hard choices we so desperately need to cut spending and shrink government.
Valor' is a word we don't commonly hear. People can show courage and bravery confronting many different challenges in life. But 'valor' connotes willingly putting oneself in mortal danger to protect others.
The conqueror is regarded with awe; the wise man commands our respect; but it is only the benevolent man that wins our affection.
The truth does not require a majority to prevail, ladies and gentlemen. The truth is its own power. The truth will out. Never forget that.
I love the man that can smile in trouble, that can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection. 'Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but he whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves his conduct, will pursue his principles unto death.
If society will not admit of woman's free development, then society must be remodeled.
In a democracy the poor will have more power than the rich, because there are more of them, and the will of the majority is supreme.
Nobody could like Donald Trump, surely, except his mother. No one really likes The Donald. But how can you not have respect for a guy who's been down on the floor and just keeps coming back? Nothing will keep Donald Trump down until they drive a wooden stake in his heart and a silver bullet in his brain.
Luck always favours the brave. And you must remember that brave are the people who follow their heart; brave are the people who take chances in life. Which also means you have to say no sometimes. I believe the power of no is greater than yes.
Nothing is certain in life but death and taxes. And in Donald Trump's case, lies.
It looks like the future's really bright.
The only thing is, people have to develop courage. It is most important of all the virtues. Because without courage, you can't practice any other virtues consistently.
Women are treated differently by society for exactly the same reason that children and the mentally handicapped are treated differently.
Never underestimate the power of human stupidity.
I mistakably paid respect and condolences to the wrong Beastie Boy member King Ad-Rock when it should have been MCA. In light of this, I am redoing the song 'Hip Hop Speaks From Heaven' and I am pulling the original version off of my digital release. Historical accuracy is extremely important to me, so I accept all responsibility for this error.
Once I had all the facts in, I found I didn't have the immoral courage to pull the caper. So I wrote it as a story. As a teenager, I didn't have any skills for writing as such, so it came out in 1500 words.
Well, dating has become a sport and not about finding the person you love.
My mother lived through the Great Depression. Her family of 11 children pulled themselves up by their bootstraps and moved to wherever there was work at the time. And in rural Oklahoma, that wasn't easy to find.
I'm a human, and I'm multidimensional. If I was the perfect form of anything, I'd be boring. If I was a free spirit all the time, I would be boring; I would lack depth. If I was dark and enigmatic all the time, then I would lack relatability.
We provoke a shark every time we enter the water where sharks happen to be, for we forget: The ocean is not our territory - it's theirs.
My mom and dad - they were always there. They were always on the set. They focused on our family life. The entertainment business wasn't the end-all. They weren't out to get the next big paycheck or the next big movie. It was about 'What can we do as a family.'
I've gotten a lot more disciplined since dating Sue.
After I released 'Jesus, Take the Wheel,' people started saying, Oh, it's kind of risky. You're coming out with a religious song. And I was thinking, Really? I grew up in Oklahoma; I always had a close relationship with God. I never thought it was risky in the least. If anything, I thought it was the safest thing I could do.
Good humor isn't a trait of character, it is an art which requires practice.
I always felt different as a kid, and the Kinks were like, 'Yeah, we're the Kinks.' Celebrate your difference; don't be afraid of your sense of humor, or your personality, or who you are. It emboldened me.
Leaders come in many forms, with many styles and diverse qualities. There are quiet leaders and leaders one can hear in the next county. Some find strength in eloquence, some in judgment, some in courage.
Everyone in society should be a role model, not only for their own self-respect, but for respect from others.
There is danger from all men. The only maxim of a free government ought to be to trust no man living with power to endanger the public liberty.
The clock talked loud. I threw it away, it scared me what it talked.
This is a feminist bookstore. There is no humor section.
There is no such thing as fun for the whole family.
I assess the power of a will by how much resistance, pain, torture it endures and knows how to turn to its advantage.
One of the things that makes Hamlet unique among Shakespeare's characters is his courage to face up to the darker elements of his personality.
As a general thing, when a woman wears the pants in a family, she has a good right to them.
My dream has always been to inspire young girls to see their own power and follow big dreams and realize that they have potential.
I love America the way I love my family - I was born into it. And there's no escape out of it.
If you want to be a woman in power, then empower other women.
When you think positively, you attract positive people. If I'm on a mission to be successful, and I'm positive all the time, then more positive people will come around me, and we'll help each other. If you're negative, you'll find yourself surrounded by negative people.
There is a rumour going around that I have found God. I think this is unlikely because I have enough difficulty finding my keys, and there is empirical evidence that they exist.
I'm part Filipino, part Japanese, part Chinese, part Malaysian, and part Spanish, and all those people, they love their karaoke. So whenever my family got together, we'd all karaoke.
That is the thankless position of the father in the family - the provider for all, and the enemy of all.
Mankind's true moral test, its fundamental test (which lies deeply buried from view), consists of its attitude towards those who are at its mercy: animals. And in this respect mankind has suffered a fundamental debacle, a debacle so fundamental that all others stem from it.
The more time you spend contemplating what you should have done... you lose valuable time planning what you can and will do.
I don't fear death because I don't fear anything I don't understand. When I start to think about it, I order a massage and it goes away.
My tastes and inspirational artists were always rather eclectic and diverse.
Let no one be slow to seek wisdom when he is young nor weary in the search of it when he has grown old. For no age is too early or too late for the health of the soul.
I know that millions of Americans from all walks of life agree with me that leadership does not mean putting the ear to the ground to follow public opinion, but to have the vision of what is necessary and the courage to make it possible.
A simple compliment goes a really long way - for a guy to just come over and say, 'You have great hair' or 'I really like your dress,' and then just smile and walk away. That's a great move, because he's sort of putting himself out there by doing that, but it won't lead to any embarrassment if the girl isn't interested.
I have the most supportive parents and family in the entire world.
Doctors, dressed up in one professional costume or another, have been in busy practice since the earliest records of every culture on earth. It is hard to think of a more dependable or enduring occupation, harder still to imagine any future events leading to its extinction.
The worst thing that can happen to a man is to lose his money, the next worst his health, the next worst his reputation.
There is a public perception that Paris Hilton is the black sheep of the family.
I think Buddhism is a wonderful philosophy. I've had the good fortune to meet many wonderful teachers from that society.
America's history is exemplified in the efforts of the men and women who died for our country. The one thing that they all have in common is their selfless love for our nation and their courage to stand up to protect and defend it. They raised their gaze in the face of conflict, believed in what America could be, and pushed forward.
Choose to focus your time, energy and conversation around people who inspire you, support you and help you to grow you into your happiest, strongest, wisest self.
As an architect, you design for the present, with an awareness of the past, for a future which is essentially unknown.
If you have no confidence in self, you are twice defeated in the race of life.
You cannot build character and courage by destroying men's initiative and independence.
Society is based on the assumption that everyone is alike and no one is alive.
I learned that moral courage is harder than physical courage.
If one tends to be a humorous person and you have a sense of humor the rest of your life then you can certainly lighten the load, I think, by bringing that to your trials and tribulations. It's easy to have a sense of humor when everything is going well.
Being a club pro and all, a guy trying to keep up with golf's modern technology, I hadn't found much time for Internet dating, but then one day I knew I'd met the girl of my dreams when she replied to a comment I'd made on You-and-Me.com. She said, 'I love it when you talk equipment to me.'
Consumers have not been told effectively enough that they have huge power and that purchasing and shopping involve a moral choice.
The point in history at which we stand is full of promise and danger. The world will either move forward toward unity and widely shared prosperity - or it will move apart.
J. makes me laugh. He's incredibly dry and has a pretty harsh sense of humor that I enjoy.
First and foremost comes my family and my life with Brad. We have so much joy in raising our children and teaching them about the world that nothing really compares to that.
The past always seems somehow more golden, more serious, than the present. We tend to forget the partisanship of yesteryear, preferring to re-imagine our history as a sure and steady march toward greatness.
COVID-19 is a serious public health threat.
Death remains about the one certain fact in the lives of each one of us, and there will be suffering, sorrow, and sadness next week as there was last week.
I'd realize it's not worth our time to worry. You do your best, and God will put the right people in your path.
In England, the respect for the ex-players is something that people take seriously.
I'm not an inspirational quote kind of person.
I remember being young in the 1960s... we had a great sense of the future, a great big hope. This is what is missing in the youth today. This being able to dream and to change the world.
I am, as a father, very worried about the growing evidence of the impact of social media on children's mental health.
When I escaped from China and came to Hong Kong, the contrast was that China was like hell and Hong Kong like heaven. Though I was very poor, I smelled the air of freedom and was full of hope for the future. That's the way I thought heaven is.
God made everything out of nothing, but the nothingness shows through.
The whole history of science has been the gradual realization that events do not happen in an arbitrary manner, but that they reflect a certain underlying order, which may or may not be divinely inspired.
The good life consists in deriving happiness by using your signature strengths every day in the main realms of living. The meaningful life adds one more component: using these same strengths to forward knowledge, power or goodness.
As soon as Liverpool declared their interest in signing me, it was a simple decision to make. A club with Liverpool's history wants you? Come on, you just pack your bags and go. It will be an honour to wear the famous red shirt.
As a freelance writer, I'd be asked to become an expert for various magazines on any subject, whether food or wine or history or the life span of veterinarians. I was completely unschooled in any of these things.
The future belongs to crowds.
I feel pretty good. My body actually looks like an old banana, but it's fine.
Today we have a health insurance industry where the first and foremost goal is to maximize profits for shareholders and CEOs, not to cover patients who have fallen ill or to compensate doctors and hospitals for their services. It is an industry that is increasingly concentrated and where Americans are paying more to receive less.
I should say, one of the things about being a widow or a widower, you really, really need a sense of humor, because everything's going to fall apart.
Each minute is a little thing, and yet, with respect to our personal productivity, to manage the minute is the secret of success.
Taylor Swift dates guys so she can write a breakup song about them. I don't think she's dating for love - I think she's dating for creativity. So let's get her off the market and put her in dating detox. If she really wants love, she has to stop writing music about them.
Olympism seeks to create a way of life based on the joy found in effort, the educational value of a good example and respect for universal fundamental ethical principles.
I can only note that the past is beautiful because one never realises an emotion at the time. It expands later, and thus we don't have complete emotions about the present, only about the past.
You can draw inspiration from anything. If you're a good storyteller, you can take a dirty look somebody gives you, or if a guy you used to have flirtations with starts dating a new girl, or somebody you're casually talking to says something that makes you so mad - you can create an entire scenario around that.
Health care can be made more affordable for the poor without requiring major new scientific developments, just the smart application of current technologies. We have seen a $25 incubator and diagnostic instruments that are built tough, cheap, and reusable for the developing world.
Our democracy is designed to speak truth to power.
I appreciate health care that gets to the root cause of our symptoms and promotes wellness, rather than the one-size-fits-all drug-based approach to treating disease. I love maintaining an optimal quality of life - naturally.
Family first, always, no matter what the situation.
The most important fact is that gays have been here since day one. To say otherwise is a gross denial and stupidity. We played an enormous part in the history of America.
A lot of straight and transgender boys get in touch with me through my website and social media. They tell me I'm inspirational and beautiful. It boosts my self-esteem.
Early rising will enhance your productivity, improve your mental outlook, and give you time to exercise, catch up on email, or just have breakfast with your family. In short, if you want to become more successful, it's a good idea to jump out of bed earlier.
It's hard being a Barbie doll all the time.
Remember, when God is executing His plan in our lives, He also designs and arranges events which continue to unfold until His purpose is revealed.
Britain lacks that fundamental belief that anyone can make it. What we need is a British dream. Let's give young people the courage and ambition to go for it.
Well, darkness with humor... I'm not an extremely suicidal or sad person.
A hair-hopper is someone who pretends they're rich, who really wasn't brought up very wealthy but now tries to brag that they're rich, and they spend too much time on their hair.
As all human beings are, in my view, creatures of God's design, we must respect all other human beings. That does not mean I have to agree with their choices or agree with their opinions, but indeed I respect them as human beings.
Just like other ordinary people, I want to have a happy family.
War is not the only arena where peace is done to death.
I have truly been inspired by the struggle and triumphs of so many women that dare to break new ground in all aspects of society, and those who have pushed the boundaries of human imagination.
It's time to say goodbye, but I think goodbyes are sad and I'd much rather say hello. Hello to a new adventure.
Children have neither a past nor a future. Thus they enjoy the present, which seldom happens to us.
So I go to my first book signing, and these two girls came up and gave me a piece of paper: '10 reasons you should date our dad. He climbed Mount Kilimanjaro. He's a lawyer.' He didn't know what was going on. He didn't even know me. They called him, and he came down and asked me out that day. Now I'm dating their dad!
You're only as young as the last time you changed your mind.
Taxation is the price we pay for failing to build a civilized society. The higher the tax level, the greater the failure. A centrally planned totalitarian state represents a complete defeat for the civilized world, while a totally voluntary society represents its ultimate success.
It takes less time to do a thing right, than it does to explain why you did it wrong.
Who makes quick use of the moment is a genius of prudence.
Today the world changes so quickly that in growing up we take leave not just of youth but of the world we were young in.
To show the world what long experience gains, requires not courage, though it calls for pains; but at life's outset to inform mankind is a bold effort of a valiant mind.
If you look at the history of technology over a couple hundred years, it's all about time compression and making the globe smaller. It's had positive effects, all the ones that we know. So we're much less likely to have the kind of terrible misunderstandings that led to World War I, for example.
I write for those women who do not speak, for those who do not have a voice because they were so terrified, because we are taught to respect fear more than ourselves. We've been taught that silence would save us, but it won't.
If your oxygen mask drops down, it's time to take a breather!
We - the current generation - have a moral responsibility to make the world better for future generations.
One of the definitions of sanity is the ability to tell real from unreal. Soon we'll need a new definition.
I have a Children's Charity in Cuckfield, West Sussex, which helps young children affected by cerebral palsy and associated disorders. The perseverance these young people display every day is inspirational.
History is mostly guessing; the rest is prejudice.
The mind has exactly the same power as the hands; not merely to grasp the world, but to change it.
If I had no family, my wife and I would lead a much more romantic and nomadic existence.
My allegiance to the GOP was cemented during the 1980s, when I was in high school and college and Ronald Reagan was in the White House. For me, Reagan was what John F. Kennedy had been to an earlier generation: an inspirational figure who shaped my worldview.
Good humor is one of the best articles of dress one can wear in society.
Politics is not about power.
A king without power is an absurdity.
We all wonder about death, where people go and what happens. But certainly, they cross over from this dimension to another one.
You have to turn the lemons life gives you into lemonade, and you have to take time to sit back and enjoy it.
I was that weird kid that checked out all of the non-fiction paranormal studies books from the library. I've always been fascinated by the supernatural, particularly movies and TV shows that manage to blend humor with the horror - 'Supernatural', 'Buffy', 'Angel.'
I think the sexiest thing about a woman is confidence, but confidence in a humble way, not in an arrogant way. Sense of humor is definitely important. And sunglasses always hide a multitude of sins. Sunglasses and a great pair of heels can turn most outfits around.
Live life to the fullest, for the future is scarce.
The death of one man is a tragedy. The death of millions is a statistic.
If you make every game a life and death proposition, you're going to have problems. For one thing, you'll be dead a lot.
Presumption should never make us neglect that which appears easy to us, nor despair make us lose courage at the sight of difficulties.
Praise God, from whom all blessings flow! Praise Him, all creatures here below! Praise Him above, ye heavenly host! Praise Father, Son, and Holy Ghost!
I don't do celebrity endorsements. My work with Conservation International is a good use of whatever celebrity I might have to draw attention to important problems. I have the same responsibility as everyone to reduce consumption and to teach children to respect the environment.
When the mind once allows a doubt to gain entrance, the value of deeds performed grow less, their character changes, we forget the past and dread the future.
If we look at American history, between 1942 and 1947, the data that was collected by the Census Bureau was handed over to the FBI and other organizations at the request of President Roosevelt, and that's how the Japanese were rounded up and put into the internment camps.
I'm doin' something different. I mean, I talk a little bit about race and interracial dating, but it's not the heart of my act. I just try to do what I think is funny; there's no huge message or through line.
I've done a lot of death cartoons - tombstones, Grim Reaper, illness, obituaries... I'm not great at analyzing things, but my guess is that maybe the only relief from the terror of being alive is jokes.
They went into my closets looking for skeletons, but thank God, all they found were shoes, beautiful shoes.
I admired Eugene McCarthy's courage and although I left his Senate staff after four years to accept a job as the researcher on the editorial page of the 'Washington Post,' I remained an admirer.
It's always flattering when somebody you really respect and like wants you to be involved in their project - let alone writes a part with your voice in mind.
Our society strives to avoid any possibility of offending anyone - except God.
Sex is God's joke on human beings.
A lot of times, we also have to live and work. You have to make money to pay rent. In that respect, I don't think you can be so demanding. Those great stories are not the normal stories that come on a daily basis. It's a struggle to land those roles. Everybody is looking for the good parts.
My grandmother was the matriarch. If you didn't have a place to stay, if you needed food, if you were just coming out of jail or rehab, you went to her. Watching her in our family and our wider community was what inspired me and still does.
I cannot believe that my generation may very well have been the last one to have sex education in schools that was truly the complete and total package. I mean what are we doing? Are we in the future, but acting like it's The Dark Ages?
What's done to children, they will do to society.
The future belongs to those who see possibilities before they become obvious.
We want to be proud when we look back on our history when we grow old.
It's very true that you can be both selfless and selfish at the same time. What we tend towards, particularly in filmmaking, is this binary sort of, 'This is a good guy, this is a bad guy.' And I quite like the fact that life is a bit more complex than that.
People don't realize that now is all there ever is; there is no past or future except as memory or anticipation in your mind.
The single best thing we can do is expand competition. Let people purchase health insurance across state lines. If you want to expand access, what you want to do is increase choices and drive down cost.
Water, air, and cleanness are the chief articles in my pharmacy.
It's very important that we instill some respect for the parents. In America especially, the kids are unruly, screaming at Mommy and Daddy, running the show.
Jump, and you will find out how to unfold your wings as you fall.
Courage is not simply one of the virtues, but the form of every virtue at the testing point.
I'm a human being. I've got opinions, I'm not always right, I'm not always on time, I don't always say things in the proper way, but my intentions are always extremely pure.
I have very close friends who are very devout Catholics, and I talked to them before the 'Da Vinci Code,' and it was very difficult for them, but I talked to them before 'Angels and Demons,' and they said the scandal, abuse of power and violence was part of church history, which you can read about in the Vatican bookstore.
Having family responsibilities and concerns just has to make you a more understanding person.
When you have a godly husband, a godly wife, children who respect their parents and who are loved by their parents, who provide for those children their physical and spiritual and material needs, lovingly, you have the ideal unit.
Blessed are they who have the gift of making friends, for it is one of God's best gifts. It involves many things, but above all, the power of going out of one's self, and appreciating whatever is noble and loving in another.
I'm representing the single women out there, dating around, trying to find the right guy who respects you and appreciates you. Maybe I'll settle down somewhere. Gotta keep looking.
The civil servants will always be there to look after this country. So don't worry... Any political party taking power will have to work with the civil servants who are very well acquainted with running this country.
I found thee not, O Lord, without, because I erred in seeking thee without that wert within.
One man scorned and covered with scars still strove with his last ounce of courage to reach the unreachable stars; and the world will be better for this.
It's pretty scary to know how quickly time flies.
In religious and in secular affairs, the more fervent beliefs attract followers. If you are a moderate in any respect - if you're a moderate on abortion, if you're a moderate on gun control, or if you're a moderate in your religious faith - it doesn't evolve into a crusade where you're either right or wrong, good or bad, with us or against us.
If we could read the secret history of our enemies we should find in each man's life sorrow and suffering enough to disarm all hostility.
I always say, if a guy writes the same lead female character type over and over, we are not seeing their writing chops so much as their dating website wishlist.
Communism has never come to power in a country that was not disrupted by war or corruption, or both.
I think that when we're talking about youth violence, we're talking about kids who don't have opportunities, so they're engaged in a certain degree of lawlessness, because we as a society have failed them.
Like all my family and class, I considered it a sign of weakness to show affection; to have been caught kissing my mother would have been a disgrace, and to have shown affection for my father would have been a disaster.
To overcome poverty and the flaws of the economic crisis in our society, we need to envision our social life. We have to free our mind, imagine what has never happened before and write social fiction. We need to imagine things to make them happen. If you don't imagine, it will never happen.
When I was a child, I used to cry all the time.
Little children are still the symbol of the eternal marriage between love and duty.
We all remember the BP oil disaster in the Gulf of Mexico, the worst oil spill in U.S. history. What is less well known is that BP is claiming a 9.9 billion tax deduction on the money they had to spend cleaning up their own mess and paying for damages they caused. That is absurd.
The bad man desires arbitrary power. What moves the evil man is the love of injustice.
Bitcoin is amazingly transformative because it's the first time in the entire history of the world in which anybody can now send or receive any amount of money, with anyone else, anywhere on the planet, without having to ask permission from any bank or government.
Since the Affordable Care Act allows individuals to buy affordable health care coverage on their own, women no longer have to remain in a job just for the health insurance - they can feel free to start their own business or care for a child or elderly parent.
Yesterday we obeyed kings and bent our necks before emperors. But today we kneel only to truth, follow only beauty, and obey only love.
In building a management team, I look for integrity, loyalty, vision, and a willingness to think outside of the box, and challenge the status quo. I also look for people who have a good sense of humor and who value and empower their team.
The trouble with the rat race is that even if you win, you're still a rat.
The way I was raised, you get a new pair of sneakers when the old one gets messed up. But when I got to high school, I started dating girls and trying to fit in, and I realized everybody was collecting Jordans. When I would get my paychecks, I wouldn't even take money. I would just trade them for sneakers.
I do not want to be a robot, a cog in society who answers 'yes' because 'yes' is considered the appropriate answer. Neither do I want to be a protestor. I just want to seek out what lies underneath the veils of politeness and programming that I've been given as a person in this society.
The future is made of the same stuff as the present.
I thank God for my failures. Maybe not at the time but after some reflection. I never feel like a failure just because something I tried has failed.
And humor has always been a weapon. You want to get even on somebody? You want to attack somebody? Make fun of them.
The practice of patience toward one another, the overlooking of one another's defects, and the bearing of one another's burdens is the most elementary condition of all human and social activity in the family, in the professions, and in society.
I have moments where I miss my old self. But I think anyone can get caught up in what we used to have. But at the same time, we can choose to focus on the beauty of now.
With all due respect, I am against dumb.
Humor starts like a wildfire, but then continues on, smoldering, smoldering for years.
All the laws and legislation in the world will never heal this world like the loving hearts and arms of mothers and fathers. If every child could drift to sleep feeling wrapped in the love of their family - and God's love - this world would be a far more gentle and better place.
Many a man will have the courage to die gallantly, but will not have the courage to say, or even to think, that the cause for which he is asked to die is an unworthy one.
I'm sick of all these labels and these manufactured subdivisions of music that don't even exist. And even though I'm pierced myself, I'm sick of everyone equating body piercing with musical courage. If you ask me, it takes a lot more than that.
He who does not fear death cares naught for threats.
For a long time, society put obstacles in the way of women who wanted to enter the sciences.
If you look at the game and everything, it's not quite like looking at an animated film, because that's total character. This, this is really movement, but it's got funny little things if you look for the humor. They're actually getting to the character.
Climate change is not just about carbon dioxide levels and melting polar ice caps. It is about our public health and protecting our Earth for future generations.
You can turn painful situations around through laughter. If you can find humor in anything, even poverty, you can survive it.
As an industry, we need to come together and weed out toxic people who cannot respect their co-workers. They are not irreplaceable. There is enough talent out there.
God put us here to prepare this place for the next generation. That's our job. Raising children and helping the community, that's preparing for the next generation.
People go out of their way to show the love and respect for me. It is very gratifying.
Sometimes God writes straightforward in twisted lines.
Everyone has their own definition of a healthy lifestyle, and mine has come to mean making health a priority but not an obsession.
The future is called 'perhaps', which is the only possible thing to call the future. And the important thing is not to allow that to scare you.
Nelson Mandela, a better man, not a bitter man, made our world a better place in which to live. His life and leadership exemplify the highest courage, dignity, and dedication to human liberation.
We grow in time to trust the future for our answers.
It is good for society to have this introspection.
Literature that keeps employing new linguistic and formal modes of expression to draft a panorama of society as a whole while at the same time exposing it, tearing the masks from its face - for me that would be deserving of an award.
I believe in believing. My coach John Kavanagh is a big atheist, and he is always trying to persuade people to his way of thinking, and I think, 'What a waste of energy.' If people want to believe in this god or that god, that's fine by me; believe away. But I think we can be our own gods. I believe in myself.
Nonetheless, Article 5 makes clear that if an Iraqi civilian who is not a member of the armed forces, has engaged in attacks on Coalition forces, the Geneva Convention permits the use of more coercive interrogation approaches to prevent future attacks.
The past is really almost as much a work of the imagination as the future.
The valor and courage of our young women and men in the armed services are a shining example to all of the world, and we owe them and their families our deepest respect.
Mars has long exerted a pull on the human imagination. The erratically moving red star in the sky was seen as sinister or violent by the ancients: The Greeks identified it with Ares, the god of war; the Babylonians named it after Nergal, god of the underworld. To the ancient Chinese, it was Ying-huo, the fire planet.
The death of my own son has made me more sensitive. It's made me more compassionate.
Monarchs ought to put to death the authors and instigators of war, as their sworn enemies and as dangers to their states.
I have written and said countless times it is not what happens to you in life that makes a difference! It is how we react to what happens to us in life that creates our history and - more importantly - our future!
Health care has a lot of interesting machine-learning problems - outpatient outcomes, or when you have x-ray images and you want to predict things.
To educate a man in mind and not in morals is to educate a menace to society.
Myself, and all coaches, need to have courage, because we are so exposed. When we win, we're the best. When we lose, we're stupid. We must find a middle ground.
The insatiable need for heartless power and ruthless control is the telltale sign of an uninitiated man - the most irresponsible, incompetent and destructive force on earth.
The Christian of the future will be a mystic or he will not exist at all.
Some economists estimate that for every family that goes bankrupt, there are about 15 more who are in the same amount of financial trouble and would profit from bankruptcy but just haven't filed.
The health and safety of our neighbors and our communities should be our top priority - nothing is more important.
Every creature is a word of God.
It requires more courage to suffer than to die.
Not exactly sure there can be a final chapter to Thanos, considering what he is and his relationship with Mistress Death. Might just be that as long as there is a Marvel, there will be a Thanos to plague that universe's heroes.
I think humor is important for all of us, and a great comedian is a great treasure.
I was dating girls who were actresses, and that was fun, so I took a playwriting class. But that was short-lived. That was one year. Around that time, I was seeing movies that were making me think in terms of images.
The shock of any trauma, I think changes your life. It's more acute in the beginning and after a little time you settle back to what you were. However it leaves an indelible mark on your psyche.
The way to be with God in every season is to strive to be near Him every week and each day.
I support religious liberty, but I also think it is very important as a Republican Party that we bring a compassionate tone when talking about women's health care issues, when we talk about pro-life and pro-choice.
The more easily digestible and refined the carbohydrates, the greater the effect on our health, weight and well-being.
From early morning to late at night, it's such an interesting life, and I'm healthy and free, and that's not so easy with a family.
Comedy helped me out in my teenage years. It saw me through puberty and helped me to deal with dating.
If the world were a bar, America would currently be the angry drunk waving around a loaded gun. Yeah, the other people in the bar may be afraid of him, but they sure as hell don't respect him.
In limits, there is freedom. Creativity thrives within structure. Creating safe havens where our children are allowed to dream, play, make a mess and, yes, clean it up, we teach them respect for themselves and others.
God has blessed me with a wonderful family, a successful business, and outstanding employees. I do not take these blessings lightly.
The more we deny that we have a dark side, the more power it has over us.
I believe that if you're healthy, you're capable of doing everything. There's no one else who can give you health but God, and by being healthy I believe that God is listening to me.
Hope, like faith, is nothing if it is not courageous; it is nothing if it is not ridiculous.
Humor, for me, is really a gate of departure. It's a way of enticing a reader into a poem so that less funny things can take place later. It really is not an end in itself, but a means to an end.
Each underestimates her own power and overestimates the other's.
I think God has a tremendous sense of humor.
Liberty may be endangered by the abuse of liberty, but also by the abuse of power.
I respect the hell out of everyone who does a network show. That is a marathon. It's so many episodes, and it can be a meat grinder. Anyone making a network show, and on top of that making a very good network show, that's an insane feat of Herculean endurance and fortitude.
Being raised by a Catholic father, a Protestant mother, and marrying the Muslim father of my three children, I encourage people to respect and at least try to understand different religions.
Eyebrows are really important because they structure the face. In school it was funny because I was always the one walking around with tweezers plucking my girlfriends' eyebrows. I was really good; eyebrow tweezing runs in my family - my mother used to do mine, and I picked it up.
When the power of love overcomes the love of power the world will know peace.
Terrorism can never be accepted. We must fight it together, with methods that do not compromise our respect for the rule of law and human rights, or are used as an excuse for others to do so.
There's a shot that I designed to try and illustrate the scale of the Death Star that's sort of framed in close on the equatorial trench as Krennic's ship is leaving. The camera's pulling back, and you start with it framed so you can kind of see those docking bays that are in that trench.
'Me Too' is about letting - using the power of empathy to stomp out shame.
Never underestimate the ability of political leaders to misread history on a monumental scale. The invasions of Iraq and Afghanistan have both served to hasten western decline: they have both failed to achieve their objectives and in the process demonstrated an underlying western impotence.
Our wisest long-term investment is not in the dirty polluting fossil fuels from the past, but in the clean energy of the future.
Death is softer by far than tyranny.
When I went off to college in 1997, I didn't go back and watch 'Conan.' I was out partying and dating women.
Our future cannot depend on the government alone. The ultimate solutions lie in the attitudes and the actions of the American people.
Do not pray for tasks equal to your powers. Pray for powers equal to your tasks.
If you cry over a guy, then your friends can't date him. It can't even be considered.
The longer your life goes on, the more death you face.
Determination, energy, and courage appear spontaneously when we care deeply about something. We take risks that are unimaginable in any other context.
Racism is endemic to the human condition, just as stupidity is. We will always have to be on guard against it. But now it is recognized as a scourge, as the crowning immorality of our age and our history.
We fear the arrival of immigrants that we have drawn here with the wealth we stole from them. For much of the rest of the world we must be the focus of bitter amusement, characters in a satire we don't understand. It is British people that don't learn languages, or British history. Britain is the true scrounger, the true criminal.
The policeman must be a minister, a social worker, a diplomat, a tough guy, and a gentleman. And, of course, he'd have to be a genius... For he will have to feed a family on a policeman's salary.
I believe the world is one big family, and we need to help each other.
Nature is a numbers game. We need all the support we can get as our immune systems and health are under assault from pollution, stress, contaminated food and age-related diseases as our lifespans increase.
I have a whole, whole lot of respect for the men and women that serve our country.
Mum left school at 15, and after a few years of modelling and dating jazz musicians, was married by 21 to my father, Mike Taylor, a journalist on the 'Daily Mirror.' They had my brother and me pretty quickly and had split up by the time I was two. I don't really have any memories of them as a couple.
Health should be easy. The good news is that, through the increasing use of mobile devices with their real-time networking capabilities and by addressing health collaboratively in our communities, we're accelerating the 'democratization of health care.'
I had lost my son 20 years back, when I was at the peak of my career. I couldn't really get time to even feel that loss. I used to be continuously busy with work and this would make me feel guilty: I didn't even have the time to mourn my son's death.
I have been bowling at the death sometimes. You need to focus. You know if you miss your target, you will go for a boundary, but it's also good because it makes you a really good bowler. You practise hard, and you try to bowl in one area most of the time.
Wondrous is the strength of cheerfulness, and its power of endurance - the cheerful man will do more in the same time, will do it; better, will preserve it longer, than the sad or sullen.
People have the power to redeem the work of fools.
Nobody has ever before asked the nuclear family to live all by itself in a box the way we do. With no relatives, no support, we've put it in an impossible situation.
The attack on ObamaCare was that Congress does not have the power under the Commerce Clause to force a private citizen into a private contractual relationship. If such a thing is permitted to stand, the anti-ObamaCare forces argue, there will be no limit to Congress's power in the future.
In some ways England is more liberal than France, but I also find it more intrusive. But when you go abroad you have to accept the ways of where you live. I have to respect that.
The woman power of this nation can be the power which makes us whole and heals the rotten community, now so shattered by war and poverty and racism. I have great faith in the power of women who will dedicate themselves whole-heartedly to the task of remaking our society.
I know that if I'd had to go and take an exam for acting, I wouldn't have got anywhere. You don't take exams for acting, you take your courage.
As the first Hispanic female governor in history, little girls often come up to me in the grocery store or the mall. They look and point, and when they get the courage, they ask 'Are you Susana?' and they run up and give me a hug.
I look forward to making tangible and inspirational contributions to the Houston Technology Center's initiatives. HTC is an engine behind Houston's and Texas' continued growth.
We simply do not understand our place in the universe and have not the courage to admit it.
FIFA stands for discipline, respect, fair-play, not just on the field of play, but in our society as well.
Empires inevitably fall, and when they do, history judges them for the legacies they leave behind.
Hope is like peace. It is not a gift from God. It is a gift only we can give one another.
What does the artist do? He draws connections. He ties the invisible threads between things. He dives into history, be it the history of mankind, the geological history of the Earth or the beginning and end of the manifest cosmos.
I define 'social thriller' as thriller/horror movies where the ultimate villain is society.
Faith and prayer are the vitamins of the soul; man cannot live in health without them.
My husband, after two weeks of dating, asked me, if our relationship were to work out, would I be OK with our first boy being named Ace.
The brutal history of colonialism is one in which white people literally stole land and people for their own gain and material wealth.
Going home and spending time with your family and your real friends keeps you grounded.
The advertisers who believe in the selling power of jingles have never had to sell anything.
Apart from education, you need good health, and for that, you need to play sports.
My father once said something very shrewd about me to a woman journalist who had told him how courageous she thought I was for always speaking my mind. My father said, 'If you couldn't care less what anyone says about you, then it's not courage.'
The minute we stop learning, we begin death, the process of dying. We learn from each other with every action we perform. We are teaching goodness or evil every time we step out of the house and into the street.
Fellow citizens, we cannot escape history. We, of this Congress and this administration, will be remembered in spite of ourselves. No personal significance, or insignificance, can spare one or another of us. The fiery trial through which we pass will light us down in honor or dishonor, to the latest generation.
When you're really young, dating girls, and trying to explain Kiss, they just look at you like you're kind of crazy. I think they got so big in the Seventies and were such a phenomenon - they did the 'Kiss Meets the Phantom of the Park' movie, the solo records - some people only know the merchandising stuff.
There is an amazing power getting to know your inner self and learning how to use it and not fight with the world. If you know what makes you happy, your personality, interests and capabilities, just use them, and everything else flows beautifully.
It will make a weak man mighty. it will make a mighty man fall. It will fill your heart and hands or leave you with nothing at all. It's the eyes for the blind and legs for the lame. It is the love for hate and pride for shame. That's the power of the gospel.
Mental strength is not the same as mental health. Just like someone with diabetes could still be physically strong, someone with depression can still be mentally strong. Many people with mental health issues are incredibly mentally strong. Anyone can make choices to build mental strength, regardless of whether they have a mental health issue.
Time is the fire in which we burn.
There is no power on earth that can neutralize the influence of a high, simple and useful life.
Buddhist practices offer a way of saying, 'Hey, come back over here, reconnect.' The only way that you'll actually wake up and have some freedom is if you have the capacity and courage to stay with the vulnerability and the discomfort.
If there is no God, the labels 'good' and 'evil' are merely opinions. They are substitutes for 'I like it' and 'I don't like it.' They are not objective realities.
Those who make the worst use of their time are the first to complain of its shortness.
Don't you know there ain't no devil, it's just god when he's drunk.
I always get the 'goth girl' thing because I wear black. But I don't worship death.
You have to really be courageous about your instincts and your ideas. Otherwise you'll just knuckle under, and things that might have been memorable will be lost.
Banks will fee you to death. If you bounce a check, the bank has a policy to re-post the check three more times to see if it will be paid. If it continues to bounce they charge a $30 overdraft every time. So, one bounced check will rack up $90 for the bank.
Outside of, as a kid, just wanting to be able to fly and run faster than a speeding locomotive and being able to leap tall buildings in a single bound, we'd like to hope that, when push comes to shove, we can do the right thing. I think as long as there is that hope in our society and in the zeitgeist of superheroes, Superman will be relevant.
Lily Tomlin was one of the early comedy greats who influenced my courage to be the person I am.
This future is ours to embrace. Whether we, the established generations, choose to accept that is in our court.
The only reason I'm in Hollywood is that I don't have the moral courage to refuse the money.
Never chase a lie. Let it alone, and it will run itself to death.
Procrastination is the thief of time.
Wisdom is the abstract of the past, but beauty is the promise of the future.
Laughter is involuntary. If it's funny you laugh.
All you need is the plan, the road map, and the courage to press on to your destination.
A thick skin is a gift from God.
If you want to deal with an epidemic - crime or health - the smartest and most effective and cheapest way to deal with it is prevention first.
I consider the United States Senate the greatest deliberative body in the world, and I respect the important role the Constitution affords it in the confirmation of our judges.
The sign of a good society is where talent is respected.
If it gets laughs, it's funny.
Civilization is the progress toward a society of privacy. The savage's whole existence is public, ruled by the laws of his tribe. Civilization is the process of setting man free from men.
The best protection any woman can have... is courage.
Once upon a time there was a piece of wood. It was not an expensive piece of wood. Far from it. Just a common block of firewood, one of those thick, solid logs that are put on the fire in winter to make cold rooms cozy and warm.
I have learned that nothing is certain except for the need to have strong risk management, a lot of cash, the willingness to invest even when the future is unclear, and great people.
What people don't understand is joining a gang ain't bad, it's cool, it's fine. When you in the hood, joining a gang it's cool because all your friends are in the gang, all your family's in the gang. We're not just killing people every night, we're just hanging out, having a good time.
Public and employer opinion often defeat society's best interests with a prejudice against middle-aged women.
History never really says goodbye. History says, 'See you later.'
We all require and want respect, man or woman, black or white. It's our basic human right.
We have to do with the past only as we can make it useful to the present and the future.
I suspect millions of people from my generation probably have comparable stories to tell: if not of sports simulations then of Dungeons & Dragons, or the geopolitical strategy of games like Diplomacy, a kind of chess superimposed onto actual history.
Creativity is the power to connect the seemingly unconnected.
The death tax causes one-third of all family-owned small businesses to liquidate after the death of the owner. It is also an unfair tax because the assets have already been taxed once at their income level.
Are we solving the world's problems by allowing women to make the first move on a dating app? No. But I do believe we are helping to change some very archaic norms.
Sinful and forbidden pleasures are like poisoned bread; they may satisfy appetite for the moment, but there is death in them at the end.
In the long history of the world, only a few generations have been granted the role of defending freedom in its hour of maximum danger. I do not shrink from this responsibility - I welcome it.
Something is better than nothing. Doin' anything for a man, there's investments involved, there's time and production. It's better to give him ten bucks and get a record out than to never record the cat.
Often people write stories about people who are suffering, and they're miserable all the time. That's not the case. You go to the food bank or wherever and there's laughter, there's comedy, there's stupidity, there's silliness and warmth. And that's the reality of people's lives. If you cut out that sense of humor and warmth, you miss the point.
I feel a distaste for hunting, first because of a kind of Buddhist respect for the unity and sacredness of all life, and also because the pursuit of a hare or chamois strikes me as a kind of 'escape of energy,' that is, the expenditure of our effort in an illusory end, one devoid of profit.
I grew up in a society with a very ancient and strong oral storytelling tradition. I was told stories, as a child, by my grandmother, and my father as well.
What being a socialist means is... that you hold out... a vision of society where poverty is absolutely unnecessary, where international relations are not based on greed... but on cooperation... where human beings can own the means of production and work together rather than having to work as semi-slaves to other people who can hire and fire.
I want to go down in the history books with what I've achieved.
The first time you marry for love, the second for money, and the third for companionship.
I wrote 'The Painted Word,' about modern art, and was denounced as reactionary. In fact, it is just a history, although a rather loaded one.
Hip-hop is more about attaining wealth. People respect success. They respect big. They don't even have to like your music. If you're big enough, people are drawn to you.
I am a feminist, and what that means to me is much the same as the meaning of the fact that I am Black: it means that I must undertake to love myself and to respect myself as though my very life depends upon self-love and self-respect.
Those who have no record of what their forebears have accomplished lose the inspiration which comes from the teaching of biography and history.
The problem is that borrowing money to pay back more borrowed money that will oblige you in the future to borrow even more money doesn't sound kosher. Because it isn't.
Different people have different opinions, and it's okay to respect all of them.
Censorship always defeats it own purpose, for it creates in the end the kind of society that is incapable of exercising real discretion.
The industrial revolution allowed us, for the first time, to start replacing human labour with machines.
At the end of the day, sleep is a barometer of your emotional health. And so if you're not in the right place where you need to be, then you're going to have voices keeping you up at night because you have to work through those issues.
I've been dating younger men since my 20s, When I was 29, I dated someone 21... younger men are just more fun. I like their energy. I've always been kind of young for my age.
History repeats itself. So you might wanna pay attention.
I'm a gay disabled man who has become very successful. I don't get up in the morning and think I'm inspirational; I just get up thinking that I love horses.
From the very beginning, I started doing music performances with a lot of theatrical aspects to them, where humor was a part of it but not necessarily had to be. Humor is just another tool to make the palette more rich and interesting for myself and eventually for the public. It's a great way to break out of convention.
I like that there's no love as fierce as the love you feel for your family; that there's no one you feel more protective of than the very same people who can drive you crazy.
Writing is hard work and bad for the health.
I will continue to work as hard as I can to make this organization proud. Every time I step on the field I will give everything I have and I will leave everything I have on the field every single Sunday.
If those in charge of our society - politicians, corporate executives, and owners of press and television - can dominate our ideas, they will be secure in their power. They will not need soldiers patrolling the streets. We will control ourselves.
Post-production is kind of the death of hope. The money has been spent. The grand ideas are either there or they're not there. So music oftentimes has to compensate if there are issues, or it has to stay out of the way if the movie is working really well.
Mental prayer in my opinion is nothing else than an intimate sharing between friends; it means taking time frequently to be alone with Him who we know loves us. The important thing is not to think much but to love much and so do that which best stirs you to love. Love is not great delight but desire to please God in everything.
Greatness, in the last analysis, is largely bravery - courage in escaping from old ideas and old standards and respectable ways of doing things.
My senior year of high school, I was voted 'Wittiest.' So, several years later, I decided to try my hand at writing humor to see if I could be witty enough to make some money.
People often misuse the term 'Regency' to describe art or antiques dating from a vague period between the 1790s and the 1830s, but technically the period only lasted between 1811 and 1820.
I wanted to be Deco, Titi Camara, or Pascal Feindouno when I was young, and now there are kids with my name on the back of their shirts! That is such a big motivation for me, and I hope I continue to show them that, with courage and determination, they can achieve anything.
History is the version of past events that people have decided to agree upon.
I'm not an expert on politics, but there's a bunch of bad people at the top who care about lining their own pockets before creating a society that looks after the vulnerable.
I come from a family of strong women, who have been positive role models for me.
We live in a diverse society - in fact, a diverse world - and we must learn to live in peace and with respect for each other.
Honest conviction is my courage; the Constitution is my guide.
You can't take good health for granted.
I kind of left everyone behind in Australia - all my friends and my family and I had to break up with my boyfriend.
If I respect myself and believe in what I'm doing, no one can touch me.
For time and the world do not stand still. Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or the present are certain to miss the future.
A dream collage is pictures of your goals. It is like your future photo album.
My father is an architect, so I often think like a designer or an architect. I remember when I was admiring buildings, I would look up at them and see this perspective and this awesome power of the monument in front of me.
When I don't have a girlfriend, who I am answerable to, I can go out and hang with people. But whether you go for a movie with someone or a meal or a drive, it is assumed that you are dating that person.
Food is sort of like the Jewish sense of humor, a defense mechanism. It is one of the things that helped the Jews survive through 2,000 years of an often very harsh Diaspora.
Guys usually like my sense of humor, and I am pretty down to earth. And I'm a driven person.
When God created you, He went to great lengths to make you exactly the way He wanted you to be. You are His ultimate work of art.
When you are young and healthy, it never occurs to you that in a single second your whole life could change.
People have to realize that God has blessed me with power. He hasn't got me this far for no reason. I feel like God has a plan for me in this sport. That's how I have came up this fast.
I'm not interested in trying to work on people's perceptions. I am who I am, and if you don't take the time to learn about that, then your perception is going to be your problem.
Racism is taught in our society, it is not automatic. It is learned behavior toward persons with dissimilar physical characteristics.
Our lives are in God's hands. We have no control. We can't control Him by using the Bible or cross as a good luck charm without a thorough reformation of heart and life.
I have no dating life.
Although the life of a person is in a land full of thorns and weeds, there is always a space in which the good seed can grow. You have to trust God.
But God can only smile because only God can know what is coming next.
In its function, the power to punish is not essentially different from that of curing or educating.
Not one person can make or break what I'm doing, except me or God.
I like very dry humor. I don't like things that are over the top. I like subtlety. I like things that are nonchalant. I like characters that are sort of monotone and based in dark comedy.
Because the biological mechanisms that affect our health and well-being are so dynamic, when people change their diet and lifestyle, they usually feel so much better, so quickly; it reframes the reason for changing from fear of dying to joy of living. Also, the support that patients give each other is a powerful motivator.
The function of the artist in a disturbed society is to give awareness of the universe, to ask the right questions, and to elevate the mind.
Most comedy is based on getting a laugh at somebody else's expense. And I find that that's just a form of bullying in a major way. So I want to be an example that you can be funny and be kind, and make people laugh without hurting somebody else's feelings.
I've been involved in politics for quite some time. I've held positions, and my experiences are very deep, and I think I have the capacity, the courage, and the character to institute the kinds of reforms that are so desperately needed.
Courage is the greatest of all virtues, because if you haven't courage, you may not have an opportunity to use any of the others.
A people without a positive history is like a vehicle without an engine.
First, I have to thank God for giving me the gift that he did as well as a second chance for a better life.
Dissent is the highest form of patriotism, and I intend to continue to push my country to respect the rights of all its citizens. I will not be silenced.
My family keeps me sane. I try to talk to my mum every other day. After I get off the phone, I have a renewed sense of clarity, so I guess a problem shared is a problem lost. It's important to me to keep them close.
A word is not a crystal, transparent and unchanged; it is the skin of a living thought and may vary greatly in color and content according to the circumstances and time in which it is used.
A lot of celebrities have a sense of humor, and combined with an outrageous event, sometimes the sky's the limit!
People have to go through trials and tribulations to get where they at. Do your thing - continue to rock it - because obviously, God wants you here.
I have a fundamental belief in the Bible as the Word of God, written by those who were inspired. I study the Bible daily.
Addressing the climate and biodiversity crises requires us to radically change our economic models, moving away from economic growth as the over-riding measure of progress and moving instead towards improving health and wellbeing for people and nature. That means a different economic model taking us towards a sustainable economy.
While there are few records of Viking women participating in battle, they certainly held positions of high status in society as human sorceresses known as 'volvas.'
One can be instructed in society, one is inspired only in solitude.
'Latina' has become part of the Becky G family, and I feel very proud to say that.
While I'm a New Yorker at heart, and 'Harlem Honey' runs through my veins, Atlanta - its awesome residents and glorious landscapes - has a special place in the hearts of my family and I.
If one girl with courage is a revolution, imagine what feats we can achieve together.
The direction in which education starts a man will determine his future in life.
As people are walking all the time, in the same spot, a path appears.
Life is here only to be lived so that we can, through life, earn the right to death, which to me is paradise. Whatever it is that will bring me the reward of paradise, I'll do the best I can.
Most of the characters in 'The Little Rascals' were living in poverty, but they decided to focus on the joy of being a kid: the humor, the heart, the resilience.
I come into the peace of wild things who do not tax their lives with forethought of grief... For a time I rest in the grace of the world, and am free.
The pace of global warming is accelerating and the scale of the impact is devastating. The time for action is limited - we are approaching a tipping point beyond which the opportunity to reverse the damage of CO2 emissions will disappear.
History is littered with wars which everybody knew would never happen.
Never work just for money or for power. They won't save your soul or help you sleep at night.
Society is unity in diversity.
Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle. As with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it.
The more wit the less courage.
The difference between art about death and actual death is that one's a celebration and the other's a dull fact.
A part of sexuality may go to research, and a much larger part must lead to aesthetic creation. The art of the future will, because of the very opportunities and materials it will have at its command, need an infinitely stronger formative impulse than it does now.
I used to drink tons of caffeine. Now I make smoothies with frozen berries and Green Vibrance health powder.
There is nothing like a dream to create the future.
Equality, rightly understood as our founding fathers understood it, leads to liberty and to the emancipation of creative differences; wrongly understood, as it has been so tragically in our time, it leads first to conformity and then to despotism.
I always hated high-school shows and high-school movies, because they were always about the cool kids. It was always about dating and sex, and all the popular kids, and the good-looking kids. And the nerds were super-nerdy cartoons, with tape on their glasses. I never saw 'my people' portrayed accurately.
I think people need to be educated to the fact that marijuana is not a drug. Marijuana is an herb and a flower. God put it here. If He put it here and He wants it to grow, what gives the government the right to say that God is wrong?
I feel like there is always a rumor that I'm dating someone that I never met before. People have their judgments and ideas of who I am, and they know nothing.
I respect anybody that cooks. I know how hard it is.
Equal pay isn't just a women's issue; when women get equal pay, their family incomes rise and the whole family benefits.
I believe we need more culturally diverse books - about disabled characters, though not about their disability, about people with different sexual orientations, or a boy who is a cross-dresser. We need to reflect the diversity of our society.
Death is not natural for a state as it is for a human being, for whom death is not only necessary, but frequently even desirable.
Sometimes the early bird gets the worm, but sometimes the early bird gets frozen to death.
When you realize the value of all life, you dwell on what is past and concentrate more on the preservation of the future.
Fight the good fight of faith, and God will give you spiritual mercies.
Hawaii and Fiji are two of the best island groups in the world to visit as a vacationer. The great hotels, the fascinating local people, the exciting history of the two contrasting island groups, and the unmatched scenery make these two of the most enticing stopovers.
Music is one of the most powerful things the world has to offer. No matter what race or religion or nationality or sexual orientation or gender that you are, it has the power to unite us.
That's all a man can hope for during his lifetime - to set an example - and when he is dead, to be an inspiration for history.
There is no limit to how much health you can provide people.
I feel lucky that I found my talent, not unlucky that I was born with a disability. When I'm on a horse, I'm more worried about what the riding hat is doing to my hair than what my bent legs and arms are doing. What riding has given me is respect.
Man is the animal that intends to shoot himself out into interplanetary space, after having given up on the problem of an efficient way to get himself five miles to work and back each day.
We must welcome the future, remembering that soon it will be the past; and we must respect the past, remembering that it was once all that was humanly possible.
The Dangerous Alliance consists of the following - 'The Advocate' Paul Heyman and 'The Beast' Brock Lesnar. That Dangerous Alliance is the single most formidable faction in the history of sports entertainment. We don't need Four Horsemen. We don't need three Freebirds. We don't need a Legion of Doom.
Aging has a wonderful beauty and we should have respect for that.
You only have power over people so long as you don't take everything away from them. But when you've robbed a man of everything, he's no longer in your power - he's free again.
In many ways, human health is the great global connector.
We have the opportunity to move not only toward the rich society and the powerful society, but upward to the Great Society.
Circus is what real life should be like. It's sincerity, feeling, emotions. All real. There are no lies in circus. There are artists working together to give a smile. It's a world where people help one another. It's the only show where a family, everyone from children to their grandmothers, can sit together and all be entertained by the same thing.
Always keep your mind as bright and clear as the vast sky, the great ocean, and the highest peak, empty of all thoughts. Always keep your body filled with light and heat. Fill yourself with the power of wisdom and enlightenment.
Few men have virtue to withstand the highest bidder.
Clouds symbolize the veils that shroud God.
I'm not perfect. And who knows how many times I've fallen short. We all fall short. That's the amazing thing about the grace of God.
Any time women come together with a collective intention, it's a powerful thing. Whether it's sitting down making a quilt, in a kitchen preparing a meal, in a club reading the same book, or around the table playing cards, or planning a birthday party, when women come together with a collective intention, magic happens.
By simply capitalizing on core strengths and knowledge, companies and entrepreneurs can engage in an emerging business model that will enable them to create - and demonstrate - real, sustainable social impact in society.
I would prefer to live forever in perfect health, but if I must at some time leave this life, I would like to do so ensconced on a chaise longue, perfumed, wearing a velvet robe and pearl earrings, with a flute of champagne beside me and having just discovered the answer to the last problem in a British cryptic crossword.
Dating is fun. It's light: There's courting; there's the interesting, exciting text messaging and flirting. There's no weight. When you start getting into relationships, you really start having to consider each other in your lives, and I think that's really important.
My body is a reflection of how grateful I am for my life and my health; there are a lot of people less fortunate than me.
I think anyone who has a passion for what they love to do, and who pursue it, is inspirational for me.
To be a Bond girl you need courage, charm, determination and feistiness.
We will be more successful in all our endeavors if we can let go of the habit of running all the time, and take little pauses to relax and re-center ourselves. And we'll also have a lot more joy in living.
I've never done online dating, but first of all, I have a book out called 'Make It Last Forever: The Do's and The Dont's,' which led me to do the online dating thing. A lot of people respect my relationship songs, so they can pretty much trust me.
I'm not very experienced with boys or the whole dating thingy.
The difference between good and bad architecture is the time you spend on it.
Why anybody gets my sense of humor I never know, but I do know that when they do, I keep them as close as I possibly can.
The principles of living greatly include the capacity to face trouble with courage, disappointment with cheerfulness, and trial with humility.
I've learned to have a sense of humor about myself. Lord knows everyone else does!
Maybe there's a chance to get back to grown-up films. Anything that uses humor and dramatic values to deal with human emotions and gets down to what people are to people.
For as long as this nation has known war, we have embraced the heroes it has produced. Americans have rightfully noted the honor and nobility of courage under hostile fire and thanked those who perished in their defense.
I like the idea of dating, but I'm not dating anyone exclusively, particularly right now. It's hard to be in a relationship unless you're ready to go public with it. So it's a lot easier for me to not be in a relationship. I really don't want that part of my life to be tabloid fodder.
The importance of money flows from it being a link between the present and the future.
I suppose I look for humor in most situations because it humanizes things; it makes a character much more three-dimensional if there's some kind of humor. Not necessarily laugh-out-loud type of stuff, just a sense that there is a humorous edge to things. I do like that.
Be not entangled in this world of days and nights; Thou hast another time and space as well.
I compare Stephen Sondheim with humor, because humor is unanalyzable. You can't analyze humor. You just have to get through it.
People who cannot find time for recreation are obliged sooner or later to find time for illness.
Dating, like almost every other male-female interaction in present-day society, is based on outmoded and unequal social roles and expectations.
The nation was awakened by that deafening shot.
Truth is the daughter of time.
I realized my family was funny, because nobody ever wanted to leave our house.
I'm very hopeful. I am very optimistic about the future.
Time, the devourer of all things.
The Nautilus was piercing the water with its sharp spur, after having accomplished nearly ten thousand leagues in three months and a half, a distance greater than the great circle of the earth. Where were we going now, and what was reserved for the future?
We ought to follow through on an idea that was first proposed by President Clinton to allow people over the age of 55 who are not eligible for Medicare into the Medicare system, at cost, and below cost for those who can't afford it. That takes care of a significant number of the people who don't have health insurance.
I don't try to describe the future. I try to prevent it.
To enjoy the glow of good health, you must exercise.
Without memory, there is no culture. Without memory, there would be no civilization, no society, no future.
Jack Palance was my distant uncle - that's the family gossip. Growing up, my family knew everything about his face getting burned and scarred in the military and how that mutilation led him to become such a famous 'heavy' in films. I prayed for good scars of my own. Not just acne scars.
In our society, the women who break down barriers are those who ignore limits.
It took me realizing that a broken heart has never actually killed anyone to find the courage to ask for what I want, in just about every situation. That was part of my own growing up.
Russian democracy is the power of the Russian people with their own traditions of national self-government, and not the realisation of standards foisted on us from outside.
I'm lucky to have a great support system in my friends and some of my family. If you have those people that you trust, go ahead and fall back into them and let them be your hammock and cocoon and let them embrace you.
No, I will never do another Rainbow album. I'll never ever do that again. I want no part in doing it; I want no part in doing anything with Ritchie at all. I respect him. He's a genius. He was a great part of my life, but I don't need to go through that hell.
Lesbian humor is nothing like gay men's humor. We're sillier.
I may not have got the Nobel Prize, but I've won countless other awards, including 'Most Inspirational Living Woman Scientist.'
To achieve, you need thought. You have to know what you are doing and that's real power.
My lesson from history is that if there is a strong moderate centrist party which can lead the country, there is no room for extremists from the right or left.
You never know what can happen in the future. But I can't say anything bad about Newcastle.
There is an incredible renewable energy resource off both coasts of this country - wind and tidal energy that can power our economy, create good paying jobs and reduce greenhouse gas pollution.
The Civil Rights Act of 1964 laid the foundation for the Voting Rights Act of 1965, but it also addressed nearly every other aspect of daily life in a would-be free democratic society.
Patience, that blending of moral courage with physical timidity.
I have nothing against respecting people who lived before, but we have no responsibility toward them.
History will have to record that the greatest tragedy of this period of social transition was not the strident clamor of the bad people, but the appalling silence of the good people.
If you have only one passion in life - football - and you pursue it to the exclusion of everything else, it becomes very dangerous. When you stop doing this activity it is as though you are dying. The death of that activity is a death in itself.
Humor is very very risky, particularly for a candidate, unless he's been in so long that it just doesn't matter, and he's not running for president. But it's just that people are so sensitive and so touchy, and you're just going to upset somebody without ever realizing it.
The world is put back by the death of every one who has to sacrifice the development of his or her peculiar gifts to conventionality.
My mother was a professor of English and History.
I'm not a health freak. I just work out every day.
We ourselves can die with comfort and even with joy if we know that death is but a passport to blessedness, that this intellect, freed from all material chains, shall rise and shine.
We educated, privileged lawyers have a professional and moral duty to represent the underrepresented in our society, to ensure that justice exists for all, both legal and economic justice.
Well I think on a simple ecological level that the diversity of this planet is important for our survival, that all of our different cultures, people are important to the health of the whole the same way that a species of animal should be saved and at a simple ecology level.
We've been surrounded by images of space our whole lives, from the speculative images of science fiction to the inspirational visions of artists to the increasingly beautiful pictures made possible by complex technologies. But whilst we have an overwhelmingly vivid visual understanding of space, we have no sense of what space sounds like.
I feel the older I get, the more I'm learning to handle life. Being on this quest for a long time, it's all about finding yourself.
I think there's something about a character facing the huge problems and challenges of the contemporary world and meeting them with - head on with courage, allowing for darkness and mistake, but ultimately always moral. That's incredibly, incredibly inspiring, and that's honestly what I think.
I've always been inspired by artists who have shown musical and intellectual curiosity and the courage to take risks.
You can't make up anything anymore. The world itself is a satire. All you're doing is recording it.
If we don't figure out a way to create equity, real equity, of opportunity and access, to good schools, housing, health care, and decent paying jobs, we're not going to survive as a productive and healthy society.
It is incumbent upon each of us to improve spending and savings practices to ensure our own individual financial security and preserve the collective economic well-being of our great society.
Women are the only exploited group in history to have been idealized into powerlessness.
I'm not sure what the future holds but I do know that I'm going to be positive and not wake up feeling desperate. As my dad said 'Nic, it is what it is, it's not what it should have been, not what it could have been, it is what it is.'
I want to be taken seriously as the type of musician that plays stuff like an electric rake. I mean, how seriously do you take someone like Spike Jones? They take him pretty seriously - a really good musician who made a great contribution in terms of humor, which is part of what I try to do too.
Do not wait; the time will never be 'just right.' Start where you stand, and work with whatever tools you may have at your command, and better tools will be found as you go along.
I optimize for brands and people I enjoy spending time with - we've invested in Warby Parker, Glossier, Outdoor Voices, Bonobos - because if you're having a good time, you're inherently going to be better at what you're doing. Even the bad times are tolerable when you're working alongside people you respect and like.
Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty; power is ever stealing from the many to the few.
I stay away from online dating. Interacting with the person right in front of you is a much easier way to talk.
Knowledge is power. Information is power. The secreting or hoarding of knowledge or information may be an act of tyranny camouflaged as humility.
Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go.
The future depends entirely on what each of us does every day; a movement is only people moving.
I'm like Albert Schweitzer and Bertrand Russell and Albert Einstein in that I have a respect for life - in any form. I believe in nature, in the birds, the sea, the sky, in everything I can see or that there is real evidence for. If these things are what you mean by God, then I believe in God.
What makes Freddy Krueger such a horrible character? What makes him scare you to death? You can't get rid of the guy. He never goes away.
I'm not a big metal fan. I love and respect the musicianship, which is spectacular.
When you think about rock at its origin, and you think of the Beatles and millions of kids screaming as loud as they can and running as fast as they can towards the Beatles, there's no one who is that kind of lightning rod, who commands that kind of power and has that kind of creative magma.
Seth Rollins was just leaving Ring Of Honor when I was coming in, so I've heard him say very nice things about me in interviews and stuff. I always say nice things about him because of that respect I have for him. I watched him when I was working the independents while he was wrestling at Ring Of Honor, and I used to be blown away by his work then.
Unlimited power is apt to corrupt the minds of those who posses it; and this I know, my lords: that where law ends, tyranny begins.
The bird is powered by its own life and by its motivation.
God didn't give up on me. I am somebody in God's eyes... Let me be a prime example of how I've been through the storm and the rain, and I made it over.
Before you can become a millionaire, you must learn to think like one. You must learn how to motivate yourself to counter fear with courage. Making critical decisions about your career, business, investments and other resources conjures up fear, fear that is part of the process of becoming a financial success.
Solutions-oriented campaigning with a little passion and a little humor; I think that will go a long way. I think people are desperate for it.
The hardest part is to travel, and to be away from your family.
The core political values of our free society are so deeply embedded in our collective consciousness that only a few malcontents, lunatics generally, ever dare to threaten them.
If you have an adversary, you don't have to respect what they're saying, but respect their right to say it.
I had to find a diet that would kick me back into dating shape, because I know that I can't date at size 8. I have to date at size 2. And it's just a fact of nature. Go get your injections and your chemical peels. You gotta look good to attract a man.
Prayer is man's greatest power!
It is important to feel the anger without judging it, without attempting to find meaning in it. It may take many forms: anger at the health-care system, at life, at your loved one for leaving. Life is unfair. Death is unfair. Anger is a natural reaction to the unfairness of loss.
The web of life, love, suffering and death unites all beings.
Jealousy is just love and hate at the same time.
Being human is being a lot of things at the same time.
It is easy to go down into Hell; night and day, the gates of dark Death stand wide; but to climb back again, to retrace one's steps to the upper air - there's the rub, the task.
We're taught Lord Acton's axiom: all power corrupts, absolute power corrupts absolutely. I believed that when I started these books, but I don't believe it's always true any more. Power doesn't always corrupt. Power can cleanse. What I believe is always true about power is that power always reveals.
Every time your picture is taken, you lose a part of your soul.
A man must be willing to die for justice. Death is an inescapable reality and men die daily, but good deeds live forever.
Roy Keane and Paul Scholes were unbelievable players. You cannot compare yourself to them. It is impossible. Scholes especially, I like him a lot, and I have a lot of respect for what he did for United.
Mystical references to society and its programs to help may warm the hearts of the gullible but what it really means is putting more power in the hands of bureaucrats.
I put instant coffee in a microwave oven and almost went back in time.
I try to do stories that make a difference - stories that affect the way people think, stories that people need to hear - and usually what drives me is to do stories about people who have no voice, people who have no political power, people who are overlooked by society.
I know of no safe depository of the ultimate powers of the society but the people themselves; and if we think them not enlightened enough to exercise their control with a wholesome discretion, the remedy is not to take it from them but to inform their discretion.
Should any political party attempt to abolish social security, unemployment insurance, and eliminate labor laws and farm programs, you would not hear of that party again in our political history.
My whole thing is to agree to disagree and to have respect because nothing can really be changed and you wouldn't want to ruin their happiness - even if that happiness is ignorance.
I'm a big laser believer - I really think they are the wave of the future.
We need a strong civil society where the connection between different people and groups is firm and vibrant, not brittle and divided.
Those who have won the ovarian lottery by being born in an advanced society to loving parents have a special obligation to help restore the American Dream.
I believe that every American should have stable, dignified housing; health care; education - that the most very basic needs to sustain modern life should be guaranteed in a moral society.
I don't think writers are sacred, but words are. They deserve respect. If you get the right ones in the right order, you can nudge the world a little or make a poem which children will speak for you when you're dead.
We have, I fear, confused power with greatness.
Medicine really matured me as a person because, as a physician, you're obviously dealing with life and death issues, issues much more serious than what we're talking about in entertainment. You can't get more serious than life and death. And if you can handle that, you can handle anything.
'Adult Swim' on the Cartoon Network is unbelievable. And 'South Park' continues to do great stuff. And 'Family Guy' and the various other Seth MacFarlane projects are amazing.
The stage is my first love. It gives me immense self-satisfaction, a sort of power because a stage actor carries the audience along; it's a live performance; spontaneity is its soul.
If education is always to be conceived along the same antiquated lines of a mere transmission of knowledge, there is little to be hoped from it in the bettering of man's future. For what is the use of transmitting knowledge if the individual's total development lags behind?
If I'm with a man, is that going to prevent me from achieving my goal? What sacrifices will I have to make in terms of being myself, if I'm with a man? Something that young women find out really quickly is that when you start dating, all of a sudden you're supposed to have a role. You're not allowed to just be yourself.
The problem with having a sense of humor is often that people you use it on aren't in a very good mood.
American healthcare faces a crisis in quality. There is a dangerous divide between the potential for the high level of quality care that our health system promises and the uneven quality that it actually delivers.
God bless all the little children in the world.
We have to be bold in our national ambitions. First, we must win the fight against poverty within the next decade. Second, we must improve moral standards in government and society to provide a strong foundation for good governance. Third, we must change the character of our politics to promote fertile ground for reforms.
G.I. humor is similar to cop humor.
You like someone, you court each other, you get into a relationship. You're answerable to each other. Whereas, the non-answerability of dating, my God, I don't know if I would ever be able to.
I had a crazy life for a teenager. I lived in New Jersey, but I'd go to Vermont for three weeks, join a commune, take pictures with the guy I was dating, come back home, and post photos.
When history looks back, I want people to know that the Nazis could not kill millions of people with impunity.
Humor is imperative, more important than food. You have a choice when someone dies. You can lie down or get back into life. Do something for someone else.
We pay a lot of attention to our diet, but never to our mental health.
At a certain point I'm going to want to have a family.
A constructive approach to diplomacy doesn't mean relinquishing one's rights. It means engaging with one's counterparts, on the basis of equal footing and mutual respect, to address shared concerns and achieve shared objectives.
You never know what the future might bring. I'm taking it game by game and play by play.
Humor can help you cope with the unbearable so that you can stay on the bright side of things until the bright side actually comes along.
Everybody needs beauty as well as bread, places to play in and pray in, where nature may heal and give strength to body and soul.
Americans are pragmatic, relatively uncomplicated, hearty and given to broad humor.
A person's a person, no matter how small.
You know, Freud accepted his lot very stoically and very well and with a sense of humor. He aged and died gracefully, and there's a lot to be said for that.
I don't get fazed by things easily. I don't really care about much; I'm just not interested in a lot. I'm just interested in the well being of my close ones, my music, the message I'm portraying, how my efforts are contributing to society.
I think I'm a natural-born leader. I know how to bow down to authority if it's authority that I respect.
Roman's a great guy and has the respect of everybody in the locker room. He's got a lot of stick from the Internet Wrestling Community, but he is literally one of the hardest workers.
Be Impeccable With Your Word. Speak with integrity. Say only what you mean. Avoid using the word to speak against yourself or to gossip about others. Use the power of your word in the direction of truth and love.
Love makes the time pass. Time makes love pass.
The perfection of Christian character depends wholly upon the grace and strength found alone in God.
As a society, we need to refocus on creating an economy that works for everyone. I believe the business community is in the best position to lead the way.
This society in which we live is radically changing. What previous generations saw as evil is now embraced as being good. It is a dangerous and slippery slope upon which we stand when we reject what Solomon called the beginning of wisdom - the fear of God.
The world's biggest power is the youth and beauty of a woman.
I would say that no film is apolitical. There are politics in all films. Any film that is anchored in a society, any film that deals with humanity is necessarily political.
We live in a time when science is validating what humans have known throughout the ages: that compassion is not a luxury; it is a necessity for our well-being, resilience, and survival.
Women deeply want men who are competent and powerful. And I don't mean power in that they can exert tyrannical control over others. That's not power. That's just corruption.
Exercise, from a public health perspective, is an unmitigated failure. The world's longest-lived people live in environments that nudge them into more movement. They don't use power tools, they do their own yard work, they grow a garden.
What I miss the most is chatting with my friends and family and having a good laugh over a simple meal.
The man who comes up with a means for doing or producing almost anything better, faster or more economically has his future and his fortune at his fingertips.
Around a third of parents still worry that they will look like a bad mother or father if their child has a mental health problem. Parenting is hard enough without letting prejudices stop us from asking for the help we need for ourselves and our children.
Men and women are custodians of this society, and we both decide what's going to happen for our future. I feel that very, very strongly.
The Bible contains six admonishments to homosexuals and 362 admonishments to heterosexuals. That doesn't mean that God doesn't love heterosexuals. It's just that they need more supervision.
My father, Dines Pontoppidan, belonged to an old family of clergymen and was himself a minister.
To design the future effectively, you must first let go of your past.
To be an Instagram model, you absolutely cannot just post pictures of yourself in a bikini for the sake of people seeing you in a bikini - even if that is exactly what you are doing. No, you need to caption these photos with an inspirational quote so that people will know that you are not just a butt, you're a gosh dang philosopher.
We should not just consume hydrocarbon fuel but use it to develop nuclear energy, hydro power and renewable energy sources.
Good courage in a bad affair is half of the evil overcome.
The very phrase 'Oscar night' used to accelerate my pulse. For one thing - dating myself - it meant Bob Hope. He always had good, strong jokes, that faultless delivery, and always a new joke about his own films' failure - once again - to be honored.
I know some people who've gotten tattoos that they probably shouldn't have, like the name of somebody they were dating, and that never ends well.
The future is always beginning now.
Too many families and homes remain unnecessarily vulnerable to natural disasters like hurricanes. While mitigation will never eliminate the risk to homeowners, it could reduce loss and, in many cases, save a family's home. For every $1 spent on mitigation, $4 in post-storm cleanup and rebuilding is saved.
The way to have power is to take it.
I wouldn't tell you anything about anybody I cared about because it becomes entertainment for other people, and it sort of just cheapens everything in your life. I would never tell you if I was dating anybody.
We need time to defuse, to contemplate. Just as in sleep our brains relax and give us dreams, so at some time in the day we need to disconnect, reconnect, and look around us.
What is more mortifying than to feel that you have missed the plum for want of courage to shake the tree?
We are all tourists in history, and irony is what we win in wars.
True friendship is like sound health; the value of it is seldom known until it is lost.
The power lunch is no longer just for men. We all deserve a seat at the table.
War is death. If we are to engage in war, then we should have to stare it straight in the face and call it by its rightful name.
Poverty is from the devil and that God wants all Christians prosperous.
If political leaders want respect, they will begin by enforcing the global rule of law.
My Dad is my hero. He's 85 now and he is in great health. He is handsome and strong. He has an incredible moral and ethical backbone. I couldn't have been luckier with my parents.
When we talk to God, we're praying. When God talks to us, we're schizophrenic.
I chose not to put a wig on. The reason why I chose to come out with the cancer thing is because there's somebody out there who can see that all sickness isn't unto death. That it's something you can't change at that point in time, so you just got to go with it. Don't be ashamed. Don't be ashamed of looking at yourself.
Our heavenly Father understands our disappointment, suffering, pain, fear, and doubt. He is always there to encourage our hearts and help us understand that He's sufficient for all of our needs. When I accepted this as an absolute truth in my life, I found that my worrying stopped.
Accept the things to which fate binds you, and love the people with whom fate brings you together, but do so with all your heart.
I have a distinct memory, dating back to 1989 or so, of sitting around with my college dorm mates talking about a new term that was popping up everywhere: 'political correctness.'
Young man, young man, your arm's too short to box with God.
The evil of slavery and colonialism was that these oppressions kept their victims out of history, disconnected them from the evolutionary struggle.
Society sets us up to be everything but ourselves, but I want to take a moment and say to people, love yourself. Find your purpose. You are unique, and that makes you great. I pursued my dreams. You can do it, too.
The test of courage comes when we are in the minority. The test of tolerance comes when we are in the majority.
Trust in God - she will provide.
If you don't deal with your shadows, you are condemned to repeat the same mistake over and over, as a human being or as a society.
There will be no end to the troubles of states, or of humanity itself, till philosophers become kings in this world, or till those we now call kings and rulers really and truly become philosophers, and political power and philosophy thus come into the same hands.
Somebody who can reckon with the past, who can live with the past in the present, and move towards the future - that's fabulous.
I am angry about the mammoth, out-of-control social welfare entitlement programs from Washington, D.C., that were supposed to solve our problems. The obvious truth is these impractical, politically motivated programs have irreparably damaged the fabric of our black society and community.
Well, the most terrible fear that anybody should have is not war, is not a disease, not cancer or heart problems or food poisoning - it's a man or a woman without a sense of humor.
The power to question is the basis of all human progress.
Every family struggles with different things, and everybody struggles with different things.
I've had some nice messages after games from players who I haven't spoken to before. I won't name people and drop them in it, but I've had messages from opposition strikers and defenders saying that they respect and love the way I play, telling me to keep doing it and not to change the way I am.
The power of the priesthood heals, protects, and inoculates all of the righteous against the powers of darkness.
Justice is itself the great standing policy of civil society; and any eminent departure from it, under any circumstances, lies under the suspicion of being no policy at all.
Courage is always the surest wisdom.
In the '50s and '60s, a family's first child went into the priesthood, the second went into the military, and the third child was an idiot and wound up in advertising.
The courage of life is often a less dramatic spectacle than the courage of a final moment; but it is no less a magnificent mixture of triumph and tragedy.
Death is easier than a wretched life; and better never to have born than to live and fare badly.
Faith is a living, daring confidence in God's grace, so sure and certain that a man could stake his life on it a thousand times.
Old age and the passage of time teach all things.
Habit allows us to go from 'before' to 'after,' to make life easier and better. Habit is notorious - and rightly so - for its ability to direct our actions, even against our will; but by mindfully shaping our habits, we can harness the power of mindlessness as a sweeping force for serenity, energy, and growth.
The future hasn't happened yet and the past is gone. So I think the only moment we have is right here and now, and I try to make the best of those moments, the moments that I'm in.
I know why I am here and my only real focused goal is to live each day to the fullest and to try and honor God and be an encouragement to others. What the future holds is firmly in God's hands, and I am very happy about that!
I love dark humor that crosses the line and makes you say, 'That's so wrong!' And that's 'Family Guy' to me.
I feel I am lucky. I am grateful for this life that God has given me. I am happy, as I am getting to do work that I want to do and enjoy doing it.
The most important lesson that I have learned is to trust God in every circumstance. Lots of times we go through different trials and following God's plan seems like it doesn't make any sense at all. God is always in control and he will never leave us.
Because we men have been physically stronger and more arrogant, we've influenced much of the cool stuff of the world, like basing the definition of courage on what we do on battlefields rather than on the patience or endurance or tolerance necessary for a sometimes painful daily grind that includes small children.
The CCP has become the political incarnation of the deadly coronavirus, infecting the world with illegal trade practices, arm twisting smaller nations, debt - a.k.a death - traps and sinister imperialist ambition.
At the end of your life, you will never regret not having passed one more test, not winning one more verdict or not closing one more deal. You will regret time not spent with a husband, a friend, a child, or a parent.
'Park Avenue: Money, Power and the American Dream' is an intentionally angry film. How could it not be when the chance of an infant dying is five times greater on the Bronx Park Avenue than on Manhattan's Park Avenue just across the Harlem River?
My childhood name that my father gave me, my mother, my grandmother, grandfather, family and friends all call me T.I.P.
We believe that the future of health care is going to involve a mix of old and new methods of treatment.
I would like to pass into history as the man of the economic miracle of Angola... That's my mission.
Love is a symbol of eternity. It wipes out all sense of time, destroying all memory of a beginning and all fear of an end.
The things that make me happy most are my family and working.
Oh, these vast, calm, measureless mountain days, days in whose light everything seems equally divine, opening a thousand windows to show us God.
I think anything is possible if you have the mindset and the will and desire to do it and put the time in.
Jesus Christ belonged to the true race of prophets. He saw with open eye the mystery of the soul. Drawn by its severe harmony, ravished with its beauty, he lived in it and had his being there. Alone in all history, he estimated the greatness of man.
Most laws condemn the soul and pronounce sentence. The result of the law of my God is perfect. It condemns but forgives. It restores - more than abundantly - what it takes away.
I have put gay dating on the map.
Absence from whom we love is worse than death, and frustrates hope severer than despair.
The sky is honestly the limit, so I'm excited to see what the future holds.
For me, nothing has ever taken precedence over being a mother and having a family and a home.
Lack of courage or means often deters the European woman from more independent business activity, and this in spite of increasing freedom to choose her occupation, in spite of brilliant examples of successful undertakings of women, in photography, hotel or boarding-house management, dress-making, etc.
I have 20,000 girlfriends, all around the world.
Take life on life's terms - one day at a time. And have fun while you're doing it.
We can't understand what we've accomplished on civil rights without telling the story of Bayard Rustin. And now, we must write the next chapter in the American civil rights story by drawing strength and inspiration from his moral courage.
I'd like to think that the actions we take today will allow others in the future to discover the wonders of landscapes we helped protect but never had the chance to enjoy ourselves.
A key purpose of journalism is to provide an adversarial check on those who wield the greatest power by shining a light on what they do in the dark, and informing the public about those acts.
Some of the most vulnerable people to getting the SARS virus are health care providers. The general public, walking in the street, there is really not that much risk at all. It's a very, very low risk - a very, very low risk.
If you think in terms of a year, plant a seed; if in terms of ten years, plant trees; if in terms of 100 years, teach the people.
In every age 'the good old days' were a myth. No one ever thought they were good at the time. For every age has consisted of crises that seemed intolerable to the people who lived through them.
I'm interested in women's health because I'm a woman. I'd be a darn fool not to be on my own side.
When all else fails, trust God.
I have now taken a serious task upon myself and I fear a greater one that is in the power of any man to perform in the given time-but it is too late to go back.
People who live in the past generally are afraid to compete in the present. I've got my faults, but living in the past is not one of them. There's no future in it.
If you are dating someone in New York City, and they invite you over to watch a movie, they don't really want to watch a movie.
I balanced all, brought all to mind, the years to come seemed waste of breath, a waste of breath the years behind, in balance with this life, this death.
If we ever forget that we are One Nation Under God, then we will be a nation gone under.
What you lack in talent can be made up with desire, hustle and giving 110 percent all the time.
Nuclear power will help provide the electricity that our growing economy needs without increasing emissions. This is truly an environmentally responsible source of energy.
I want to grow old without facelifts. I want to have the courage to be loyal to the face I have made.
Bathroom humor, fart, and poo poo humor in movies gets a laugh. It's a pretty easy audience, and that's been around for ages.
The ability of writers to imagine what is not the self, to familiarize the strange and mystify the familiar, is the test of their power.
I do not think about being beautiful. What I devote most of my time to is being healthy.
We're in such a volatile climate right now politically. I think they didn't want Assassins to not succeed due to popular opinion and politics, versus on its own merits. I can respect that.
Optimism is the foundation of courage.
Investing in science education and curiosity-driven research is investing in the future.
God meets daily needs daily. Not weekly or annually. He will give you what you need when it is needed.
It's a wonderful time when you sit down around the table for dinner and discuss life. No matter where you are, it gives the semblance of normalcy to my crazy world.
If this is not done, future ages will certainly look back upon us as a people so immersed in the pursuit of wealth as to be blind to higher considerations.
History is the sum total of things that could have been avoided.
I'm dating myself by saying this, but I was the test audience for 'Space Invaders.' I remember when that was the first game that wasn't a pinball game. I spent a lot of money on 'Space Invaders,' in the form of quarters, of course.
I'm lucky that I have my family, I'm lucky that my parents are still together. Those are the things that I cherish.
Finding your soul begins by discovering our ability to listen! Alternatively, by sharing a smile, a laugh and just by being human to everyone - from friends, colleagues, family, and especially strangers, including those who are not from the same station in life as you.
To him that waits all things reveal themselves, provided that he has the courage not to deny, in the darkness, what he has seen in the light.
Black people in America, people from the struggle, immigrants, it's no generational wealth that we are attached to, so we are tasked to create - in one generation - closing the gap. That's why we so Doomsday about getting to the check: 'cause it's life or death for real.
I was a weird teenager. My mother was actually worried because I didn't have any interest in dating in my teenage years. I had all this desire to pursue my passions like ballet, then sailing, then music, so I didn't have any emptiness to fill.
The Lord may not come when you want Him, but he's always going to be there on time.
Professional comedians, surprisingly, have a lack of humor. They're insensitive to the insanity of our times.
The surface of American society is covered with a layer of democratic paint, but from time to time one can see the old aristocratic colours breaking through.
In men's sports, people criticize coaches and managers all the time, call out teammates, too, and it's not that huge of a deal. Often, the guy speaking out is even lauded for having the courage to tell the truth. When it happens in women's sports, though, it always seems to be viewed as a nasty, claws-out cat fight.
I think about death a lot, like I think we all do. I don't think of suicide as an option, but as fun. It's an interesting idea that you can control how you go. It's this thing that's looming, and you can control it.
You need imagination in order to imagine a future that doesn't exist.
Voting is our right, but it is also our responsibility because if we don't take the next step and elect leaders who are committed to building a better future for our kids, other rights - our rights to clean air, clean water, health, and prosperity - are placed directly in harm's way.
We need to recognise that what really matters isn't buying more and more consumer goods, but family, friends, and knowing that we are doing something worthwhile with our lives. Helping to reduce the appalling consequences of world poverty should be part of that reassessment.
And what are we going to leave for future generations? Are we going to leave them only buildings, cars? Or are we going to create more empathetic, more diverse societies more open to diversity?
To the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure.
If we cannot provide excellent educational opportunities to all children, safe communities, quality health coverage, or robust and fair avenues towards wealth creation, then our nation will increasingly be in peril.
There is no rule book, no right or wrong; you just have to make it up and do the very best you can to care for your family.
The heights of popularity and patriotism are still the beaten road to power and tyranny.
It was a time when only the dead smiled, happy in their peace.
The essence of Hinduism is the same essence of all true religions: Bhakti or pure love for God and genuine compassion for all beings.
Remember in 1973 the same science chatter said that the coming Ice Age is going to occur, we're going to lose millions of people. And the politicians knew how to solve it, they just didn't have the courage to solve it; they were going to put coal dust on the Arctic.
My past business dealings, my personal life, who I'm dating, the details of my divorce, other business matters that I've had - all that should be completely off-limits.
Tomorrow is no man's gift.
Death comes to all, but great achievements build a monument which shall endure until the sun grows cold.
To say yes, you have to sweat and roll up your sleeves and plunge both hands into life up to the elbows. It is easy to say no, even if saying no means death.
The next time I cry about golf it will only be with joy. It's not worth crying over golf for any other reason. After all, it's only a game.
Randy Orton is one of the people in the industry I respect the most. Not many people can be as smooth and polished in the ring as Randy is, and still be over with the fans, and he is one of the very best in the industry.
The almost insoluble task is to let neither the power of others, nor our own powerlessness, stupefy us.
My idea of perfect happiness is a healthy family, peace between nations, and all the critics die.
God is the perfect poet.
I'll know how to die with courage; that is easier than living.
Only those who have learned the power of sincere and selfless contribution experience life's deepest joy: true fulfillment.
We know what we are, but know not what we may be.
Looking at the numbers, the transatlantic slave trade matches the Holocaust in horror - maybe even without counting subsidiary effects like internal strife and deaths inflected on the continent, death during transport, death during ownership, collapse of African economies, and such.
Somehow our society has formed a one-sided view of the human personality, and for some reason everyone understood giftedness and talent only as it applied to the intellect. But it is possible not only to be talented in one's thoughts but also to be talented in one's feelings as well.
America is beyond power; it acts as in a dream, as a face of God. Wherever America is, there is freedom, and wherever America is not, madness rules with chains, darkness strangles millions. Beneath her patient bombers, paradise is possible.
Any online dating profile is about making us more human, more three-dimensional.
I don't know if God is a sports fan or not, but I do know this: He loves a good comeback.
Death is just life's next big adventure.
I am in the Master of Professional Writing program teaching Humor Writing, Literary and Dramatic.
It is our conduct, our patriotism and belief in our American way of life, our courage that will win the final battle.
The simplest and most basic meaning of the symbol of the Goddess is the acknowledgment of the legitimacy of female power as a beneficent and independent power.
We are weak, writing is difficult, but for my own sake I do not regret this journey, which has shown that Englishmen can endure hardships, help one another, and meet death with as great a fortitude as ever in the past.
We needed something to express our joy, our beauty, our power. And the rainbow did that.
I don't have a very quick sense of humor.
That nice, soft pillow and the warm blanket, and it's all comfortable, and no one wants to leave that comfort - but if you can wake up early in the morning, get a head start on everyone else that's still sleeping, get productive time doing things that you need to do - that's a huge piece to moving your life forward.
I don't want to give myself grades. I will leave evaluation of my achievements to history.
In a consumer society, people wallow in things, fascinating, enjoyable things. If you define your value by the things you acquire and surround yourself with, being excluded is humiliating.
It's so important to be your own biggest fan, even if you have to constantly convince people, including yourself, that you're worthy of their time and energy and ears.
God made the country, and man made the town.
Money can't buy happiness. Or put my family back together.
I think family is the most important thing in the world. I think your own family is the most complicated thing in the world, and I think it's the most beautiful thing in the world.
The future will be the child of the past and the present, even if a rebellious child.
I'm opposed to any policy that would deny in our country any human being from access to public safety, public education, or public health, period.
If you expect the blessings of God, be kind to His people.
My main thing is obviously mental health and well-being, and then my second passion would be politics; the third would be fashion.
There's no doubt in my mind or anyone else's mind that people like Ed Sheeran, Ellie Goulding, and Sam Smith are where they are because they're supremely talented people, and I have a lot of respect for them.
Political courage is not political suicide.
Material possessions, winning scores, and great reputations are meaningless in the eyes of the Lord, because He knows what we really are and that is all that matters.
Investing in women and girls may once have been considered a radical notion or even a waste of resources, but in most places in the world today, women and girls are increasingly recognized as a critical link to greater prosperity, political stability, better health and public policy.
Here's my gift-giving rule: Respect your current financial situation.
It is time to return to core values, time to get back to basics, to self-discipline and respect for the law, to consideration for the others, to accepting responsibility for yourself and your family - and not shuffling it off on other people and the state.
We shall all respect the principles of each other and do nothing that would be regarded as an act of oppression to any portion of the people.
I remember when I first saw Whoopi Goldberg doing standup, and she was wearing a sheet on her head, basically pretending to be this little white girl with long luxurious blonde hair. Everyone can relate to that. It's an oral history of black women's lives through laughter.
A word after a word after a word is power.
It's always important to respect your opponent.
Sports is something that transcends generations, transcends backgrounds, cultures, races. And so the power of sports is real.
I've given it my all. I've done my best. Now, I'm ready with my family to begin the next phase of our lives.
I have no history with 4chan.
I give the fight up: let there be an end, a privacy, an obscure nook for me. I want to be forgotten even by God.
Whose rights will we acknowledge? Whose human dignity will we respect? For whose well-being will we, as a people, assume responsibility?
The monuments of the nations are all protests against nothingness after death; so are statues and inscriptions; so is history.
Fishing keeps you alive, gives you time away - to enjoy God, the creations that He made. Because God made you.
I don't want to let my guard down and feel too comfortable. If you become complacent, you start feeling entitled. I'm ready to go dig ditches if I have to. Whatever I gotta do to provide for my family. Whatever I gotta do to make sure that I do the best possible job at whatever wonderful opportunities I've been handed.
Many of the problems facing the nation and the world today may only be solved if their technical elements are understood - climate change, energy supply, health care, and infrastructure, to name just a few.
If Obama raises my company's taxes by 20 percent, how am I going to be able to survive as a company? Well, if I've got 30 employees, that means I'm going to have to lay off 10 employees so I can be able to keep up with the health and benefits and pension plans for my other 20 employees.
It is better to risk starving to death then surrender. If you give up on your dreams, what's left?
Washington's answer to a self-inflicted financial crisis reminded Americans why they so deeply distrust the political class. The 'fiscal cliff' process was secretive and sloppy, and the nation's so-called leadership lacked the political courage to address our root problems: joblessness and debt.
Married life is the same as dating life, except now you have a ring, and the state of California has a vested financial interest in the outcome of your marriage.
Legend remains victorious in spite of history.
Finality is death. Perfection is finality. Nothing is perfect. There are lumps in it.
The torch relay is an excellent embodiment of all that the Olympic Games have come to symbolise - a celebration of the human spirit. Personally to me, it represents striving to be the best in whatever we do, never giving up despite the odds, and a commitment to health and fitness.
In a very general way, our society has fallen out of love with the skilled trades. Part of the problem is a myriad of myths and misperceptions that surround the jobs themselves, but the biggest cause is our stubborn belief that a four-year degree is the best path for the most people.
We need to be open about mental illness, and demand the mental health services we need.
Prayer is simply a two-way conversation between you and God.
A man with God is always in the majority.
A liberal education is at the heart of a civil society, and at the heart of a liberal education is the act of teaching.
It would be sad if we lost our instinct and our courage to love and protect.
Things have never been more like the way they are today in history.
Alzheimer's, Parkinson's, brain and spinal cord disorders, diabetes, cancer, at least 58 diseases could potentially be cured through stem cell research, diseases that touch every family in America and in the world.
I'm not into animal rights. I'm only into animal welfare and health. I've been with the Morris Animal Foundation since the '70s. We're a health organization. We fund campaign health studies for dogs, cats, lizards and wildlife. I've worked with the L.A. Zoo for about the same length of time. I get my animal fixes!
The power of cosmetics and the effect they can have on one's happiness and confidence is very real.
I can't tell you how many thousands of small moments that I've had with employees in our company that have been nothing more than a one-on-one. I'll see the baggage-services person, he or she is by himself. I'll pull them off to the side and have a 15-minute conversation about their history, their life, that kind of thing.
As time goes by people will see who I am for who I am.
A home with a loving and loyal husband and wife is the supreme setting in which children can be reared in love and righteousness and in which the spiritual and physical needs of children can be met.
Temptation is as old as time; or at least, the history of temptation extends as far back as the moment Eve gave Adam that serpent's apple. But what sets the lady apart from the tramp is the ability to acknowledge she needs to clean up her act - and then, of course, the fact that she actually does clean up her act.
I am a candid interview and I have a dark and dry sense of humor - a very Canadian sense of humor and I am only learning now stupidly that you can't read tongue. When I say something funny in a newspaper and I meant it to be funny, it doesn't read that way.
The western is the simplest form of drama - a gun, death.
What are the symbols of American strength, wealth, power and modernity? Certainly not jazz and rock and roll, not chewing-gum or hamburgers, Broadway or Hollywood. It's their skyscrapers. Their Pentagon. Their science. Their technology.
Courage is grace under pressure.
From its brilliancy everything is illuminated.
Life itself is but the shadow of death, and souls departed but the shadows of the living.
All the lessons of history in four sentences: Whom the gods would destroy, they first make mad with power. The mills of God grind slowly, but they grind exceedingly small. The bee fertilizes the flower it robs. When it is dark enough, you can see the stars.
I met my wife, I had no money, I had nothing, and I started my family without really, my career was nowhere, but I had these other businesses, I had these things I was doing to be able to afford a small home.
There is not a single Muslim leader today who has the courage and commitment to defend Islam and Muslims, they are all in awe of the United States and other Western powers, and are indebted to them.
Scientists will eventually stop flailing around with solar power and focus their efforts on harnessing the only truly unlimited source of energy on the planet: stupidity. I predict that in the future, scientists will learn how to convert stupidity into clean fuel.
Liberty does not exist where rights are on one side and power on the other. To be liberty, rights must be armed with vital powers. A people cannot be free who do not participate in the control of the government which operates upon them.
Racism is beyond common sense and has no place in our society.
The future is not Big Government. Self-serving politicians. Powerful bureaucrats. This has been tried, tested throughout history. The result has always been disaster. President Obama, your agenda is not new. It's not change, and it's not hope.
Every time I've done comedy in, like, traditional comedy clubs, there's always these comedians that do really well with audiences but that the other comedians hate because they're just, you know, doing kind of cheap stuff like dancing around or doing, like, very kind of base sex humor a lot, and stuff like that.
All blame is a waste of time. No matter how much fault you find with another, and regardless of how much you blame him, it will not change you. The only thing blame does is to keep the focus off you when you are looking for... reasons to explain your unhappiness or frustration.
Every morning that I wake up and I'm breathing, I can feel it and take a moment to say, you know, 'Thank God I'm alive for another day.'
When you get close to the raw materials and taste them at the moment they let go of the soil, you learn to respect them.
Everything comes in time to those who can wait.
Time goes, you say? Ah, no! alas, time stays, we go.
There is power in naming racism for what it is, in shining a bright light on it, brighter than any torch or flashlight. A thing as simple as naming it allows us to root it out of the darkness and hushed conversation where it likes to breed like roaches. It makes us acknowledge it. Confront it.
You never know what the future brings.
The Universal Declaration of Human Rights describes the family as the natural and fundamental unit of society. It follows that any choice and decision with regard to the size of the family must irrevocably rest with the family itself, and cannot be made by anyone else.
All I ever wanted was a big, happy family.
All History is current; all injustice continues on some level, somewhere in the world.
I think films about men are often about characters who don't want to express their feelings. You're supposed to kind of admire them for not expressing their feelings. And I feel that's a bit dull. Women's stories often have stronger emotional content, which I enjoy doing. What I really love doing is mixing that with humor.
Freedom in art, freedom in society, this is the double goal towards which all consistent and logical minds must strive.
God is an unutterable sigh, planted in the depths of the soul.
My father took one of the toughest jobs in the government because he cared about his nation more than himself. His courage and conviction have always driven me to want to make a difference.
I often have said that to be a college president, you need a thick skin, a good sense of humor, and nerves like sewer pipes.
With such a rigorous schedule, it's important that I do everything I can to maintain my health and wellness.
My mom's family is Russian Jewish, and my dad's Puerto Rico Catholic, so it's kind of a weird mix.
Give me one hundred preachers who fear nothing but sin and desire nothing but God, and I care not whether they be clergymen or laymen, they alone will shake the gates of Hell and set up the kingdom of Heaven upon Earth.
I believe in the Devil. I believe there's a God, too. I met God at church - the Catholic Church.
We need to find God, and he cannot be found in noise and restlessness. God is the friend of silence. See how nature - trees, flowers, grass- grows in silence; see the stars, the moon and the sun, how they move in silence... We need silence to be able to touch souls.
Society cannot share a common communication system so long as it is split into warring factions.
A man filled with the love of God is not content with blessing his family alone, but ranges through the whole world, anxious to bless the whole human race.
We should all consider each other as human beings, and we should respect each other.
My favorite room in the house is my kitchen. It's definitely the heart and soul of our home. It's where we gather in the morning as a family to start the day, and it's where we wind down at night over supper.
Back when I was dating, the dreaded C word was Commitment. As soon as most men found out I had a child, they ran. If I ever got close enough to say the words, 'I love you,' they ran faster.
The man with the real sense of humor is the man who can put himself in the spectator's place and laugh at his own misfortune.
A great man is different from an eminent one in that he is ready to be the servant of the society.
Watching a peaceful death of a human being reminds us of a falling star; one of a million lights in a vast sky that flares up for a brief moment only to disappear into the endless night forever.
Find out who you are and be that person. That's what your soul was put on this Earth to be. Find that truth, live that truth and everything else will come.
When you practice gratefulness, there is a sense of respect toward others.
We are a system where I can tell you that nobody is doing more for behavioral health care in this country than the VA.
I read 'The Crystal Cave' book by Mary Stewart, and I thought it was a really, really interesting part of the legend, in which Merlin could enter into the cave with these crystals and see reflections of the future in them and learn how to use that and harness those powers for himself.
The memories we make with our family is everything.
I hate being the heartbreaker. Hate it. If I date somebody and it doesn't work out, it's another nightmare for me.
I think the way to keep a friendship is to respect that everybody is different.
When I am a good guy on TV, my character tends to be almost identical to how I am as a real person. However, as a bad guy, I get to be the opposite. I get to be a jerk. I get to talk trash, I get to say all the things that I'm thinking but have to restrain myself from saying out of respect or decency.
Anyone who supports terrorism, anyone who sees terrorism as a legitimate means, anyone who uses terrorism to cause the death of innocent people is a terrorist in my eyes.
I don't have a girlfriend. But I do know a woman who'd be mad at me for saying that.
I have a healthy body, free of the chemicals that once controlled it.
When I go back to Texas, I travel the state, and I see people all the time who come up to me, men and women across Texas, and they grab me by the shoulder, and they're afraid. They say, 'Ted, you know, I just lost my health insurance. I got a child with diabetes. I'm scared. Please stop this from happening.'
Life is trouble. Only death is not. To be alive is to unfasten your belt and look for a fight.
I really think that it's disgusting that Paris is the only place where it is illegal for paps to follow you around. It actually took someone losing their life - Diana, an inspirational woman - and then it changed, but they still won't change it in London! It's horrible!
You're a song written by the hands of God.
The word of the oldest of the old of our peoples didn't stop. It spoke the truth, saying that our feet couldn't walk alone, that our history of pain and shame was repeated and multiplied in the flesh and blood of the brothers and sisters of other lands and skies.
We define family in many different ways: not just by blood but by people with whom we find a common ground and a common bond.
Here I am trying to live, or rather, I am trying to teach the death within me how to live.
There is no quick fix for illegal immigration. But only when we achieve better control of our borders and better respect for our immigration laws can we give meaning to the discussion we need to have over reforming the numbers, categories, and procedures for legal immigration into the United States.
My life is not that glamorous. I actually live a pretty simple life, really. I just work. I don't have time to do all these glamorous things. I just do my thing, just work.
The best kind of art or writing holds up a mirror to society.
Regularity in the hours of rising and retiring, perseverance in exercise, adaptation of dress to the variations of climate, simple and nutritious aliment, and temperance in all things are necessary branches of the regimen of health.
Only God can look at somebody's heart.
My family is Native American, and I was raised with Native American ceremonies.
Julianne Moore and Michael Keaton began in 1980s soap operas and 1970s sitcoms, respectively, such ancient history by show business standards that you need carbon dating to measure their careers.
Scars are a truly beautiful thing. Yes, they can be a little ugly on the outside, but scars show that you're a survivor, that you made it through something, and not only did you make it through, but now you're stronger and wiser and more educated because of that tough time that you went through.
I put for the general inclination of all mankind, a perpetual and restless desire of power after power, that ceaseth only in death.
I cannot in good conscience ask my colleagues to expend precious time and energy defending or explaining my past. We need all hands on deck, fighting for the future.
Reputation is what men and women think of us; character is what God and angels know of us.
Pastor is a driver who doesn't respect other drivers.
It is courage, courage, courage, that raises the blood of life to crimson splendor. Live bravely and present a brave front to adversity.
If you look at the beginning of this country, when the pilgrims came to this country, the first year they had a communistic experiment. They said, 'OK, we're going to take the land, we're going to work the land together and share in the fruits of our labor.' They almost starved to death. Almost half of them died that first year.
I don't know what reception I'm at, but for God's sake give me a gin and tonic.
Let us make future generations remember us as proud ancestors just as, today, we remember our forefathers.
God is like the sun. When the sun shines, it shines for everyone. God is for everyone.
I love a man with a great sense of humor and who is intelligent - a man who has a great smile. He has to make me laugh. I like a man who is very ambitious and driven and who has a good heart and makes me feel safe. I like a man who is very strong and independent and confident - that is very sexy - but at the same time, he's very kind to people.
Humor must not professedly teach and it must not professedly preach, but it must do both if it would live forever.
I want to have fun. Life ain't no dress rehearsal. I want to have fun. I'm a comedian; I ain't no politician. So everything I do is with humor, with love.
I try to keep in mind that it's a long journey. It's not a race. It's about staying focused, continuing to do good work, make my family and community proud; that's all I really want to do... and pay my bills.
Beauty is unbearable, drives us to despair, offering us for a minute the glimpse of an eternity that we should like to stretch out over the whole of time.
And it was back in the mid-1980s, and as I point out in a piece, that was when we are spending about eight percent of our gross domestic product on health care. And even then, we had the impression that so much of the excessive, aggressive medical treatment that took place at the end of life was not only unnecessary but it was cruel.
For if you do, then shouldn't we blame the whole fraternity system? And if the whole fraternity system is guilty, then isn't this an indictment of our educational institutions in general? I put it to you, Greg - isn't this an indictment of our entire American society?
The best scary movies have great humor in them and a great story.
Golf is game of respect and sportsmanship; we have to respect its traditions and its rules.
Perhaps I seek certain utopian things, space for human honour and respect, landscapes not yet offended, planets that do not exist yet, dreamed landscapes.
Love is like a virus. It can happen to anybody at any time.
In order to exist, man must rebel, but rebellion must respect the limits that it discovers in itself - limits where minds meet, and in meeting, begin to exist.
There's plenty of room for humor in politics, God knows, but it's a serious business.
I try to learn from my losses, see how they can help me in the future.
The kitchen's a laboratory, and everything that happens there has to do with science. It's biology, chemistry, physics. Yes, there's history. Yes, there's artistry. Yes, to all of that. But what happened there, what actually happens to the food is all science.
I still believe that music is one of the greatest gifts that God gave to man.
Existence is no more than the precarious attainment of relevance in an intensely mobile flux of past, present, and future.
Women's health needs to be front and center - it often isn't, but it needs to be.
I don't have a religion. I believe in a God. I don't know what it looks like but it's MY god. My own interpretation of the supernatural.
If I am elected president, every militant on the face of the planet will know, if you go and join ISIS, if you wage jihad on the United States of America, if you attempt to murder innocent Americans you are signing your death warrant.
When Thomas Jefferson wrote the Declaration of Independence, declaring that all men were created equal, he owned slaves. Women couldn't vote. But, throughout history, our abolitionists, suffragettes, and civil rights leaders called on our nation, in reality, to live up to the nation's professed ideals in that Declaration.
Show respect to all people, but grovel to none.
We need to be careful when we talk about cutting health care costs. They are not going to be reduced - what we really want to do is do is slow the rate of increase.
Like, I get along with everybody. I respect everybody, but at the same time, I carry myself with an aura that demands respect, too.
The average, healthy, well-adjusted adult gets up at seven-thirty in the morning feeling just plain terrible.
There are coaches to whom winning or losing means something close to life or death. If they lose, then their life has somehow been diminished. I'm not that way, and it keeps me steady.
I grew up in a working class family. People thought I might go work at a mill. My mom wanted me to learn how to lay carpet because she was concerned about my future. Nobody had high hopes for me. But I was a hustler.
Life is doubt, and faith without doubt is nothing but death.
At the time when I was in college, Oscar Grant had just lost his life in Oakland, Calif. He was an unarmed young black male who had a record. And at the time when his death was making headlines, more people were talking about what he had done in his past than the fact that he unjustly lost his life.
You see countries like India really investing in their space program because they see it as inspirational and good for their economy.
A society that has made 'nostalgia' a marketable commodity on the cultural exchange quickly repudiates the suggestion that life in the past was in any important way better than life today.
I don't care what level you are, there is the need to offer straight talk when you're working with clients. You have to have the courage to deliver tough messages.
A man can no more diminish God's glory by refusing to worship Him than a lunatic can put out the sun by scribbling the word, 'darkness' on the walls of his cell.
The timing of death, like the ending of a story, gives a changed meaning to what preceded it.
If you respect a language and culture, it shows in your work.
Be who you are. It's easy to feel like you have to blend in, but it takes courage to live your life with conviction and embrace the person that you are.
This is just rap. I'm not trying to make people think I'm some sort of scientific wizard or inspirational poet.
On the day when man told the story of his life to man, history was born.
I prefer peace. But if trouble must come, let it come in my time, so that my children can live in peace.
When I talk about that Apple ecosystem, the ability to get one application to run across those five platforms is very difficult. In the future of Microsoft, using HTML5, IE9 and 10, the scalable OS, the ability to do that gets much, much easier.
Physical attributes can make you appealing, but to keep the appeal going, one has to draw from within. You have to be a real person. Your fans and the people you associate with have to be able to see beyond your looks. You have to be a good friend, dutiful son and a good family man.
One of sports journalism's great ironies is that covering an Olympics can be wildly unhealthy. NBC shows athletes in peak health performing on the ice and snow, but not the haggard reporters subsisting for three weeks on stadium starches, cheap beer, deadlines, and little sleep.
I think the most important thing in life is your health. If you haven't got your health, you haven't got anything.
Ah, summer, what power you have to make us suffer and like it.
Birth, life, death is a cycle. And they're all beautiful, you celebrate all of them. Animals do grieve, but they move on. That's the lesson behind animals.
I'll never forget Hurricane Katrina - the mix of a natural and a man-made catastrophe that resulted in the death of over 1,500 of our neighbors. Millions of folks were marked by the tragedy.
I want my audience to know me for my work, not because of who I'm dating or what drugs I'm on or what club I went to.
God gives us our relatives, thank God we can choose our friends.
Short-circuit racing is full of health and safety, but the reason I ride a motorbike is because of the danger, and there is no place more dangerous than the TT.
Power is not alluring to pure minds.
I wrote '('Til) I Kissed You' about a girl I met in Australia. Her name was Lilian, and she was very, very inspirational. I was married, but... I wrote the song about her on the way back home.
Courage easily finds its own eloquence.
I don't believe in God, in prayer, in going to temples begging God to give me and my family happiness. I am not asking everyone to be an atheist, but good thoughts are not spent in a temple.
My music, my songs are 100 percent inspired by girl power.
I respect the fact that a director has studied the text and the road map of work before us, the subtleties, interconnections, underpinnings... His job is to paint the entire picture and knows all the colors that have to be in it.
If you live in a ghetto and really want not to just change your life and your family's life but change your ghetto's life, make your ghetto a good neighbourhood, learn science; try to be like Mark Zuckerberg, Bill Gates and Steve Jobs.
Every human has four endowments - self awareness, conscience, independent will and creative imagination. These give us the ultimate human freedom... The power to choose, to respond, to change.
You certainly can't prevent all mental health problems - factors like genetics and traumatic life events certainly play a role. But everyone can take steps to improve their mental health and prevent further mental illness.
Property may be destroyed and money may lose its purchasing power; but, character, health, knowledge and good judgement will always be in demand under all conditions.
Hulk Hogan slamming Andre the Giant. I remember watching WrestleMania with my family and friends on TV... 93,000 people in the Silverdome. When Hogan picked up Andre, I got goosebumps.
Live your life while you have it. Life is a splendid gift. There is nothing small in it. Far the greatest things grow by God's law out of the smallest. But to live your life, you must discipline it.
I love the Queen. I love the whole fairy tale of the Royal Family; the Crown Jewels; Buckingham Palace; the tourist attraction. But really, is that what we've got a monarchy for? It's just for tourism, and then you survive and live off taxpayers' money?
The rights of democracy are not reserved for a select group within society, they are the rights of all the people.
The one characteristic of authentic power that most people overlook is humbleness. It is important for many reasons. A humble person walks in a friendly world. He or she sees friends everywhere he or she looks, wherever he or she goes, whomever he or she meets. His or her perception goes beyond the shell of appearance and into essence.
When I grew up in the South, I was taught that segregation was the will of God, and the Bible was quoted to prove it. I was taught that women were by nature in inferior to men, and the Bible was quoted to prove it. I was taught that it was okay to hate other religions, and especially the Jews, and the Bible was quoted to prove it.
Who would want one's children growing up buying things like bitcoin? I hope to God my family doesn't buy it. It's noxious poison.
It's horrible dating with Mama Mai! She is nosy. When I was a kid she would be the first one eavesdropping on my phone calls: 'Hello? Who you call for? Huh?'
There is a cultural movement in the white working class to blame problems on society or the government, and that movement gains adherents by the day.
The only real power comes out of a long rifle.
Patience and time do more than strength or passion.
Be ashamed to die until you have won some victory for humanity.
A week is a long time in politics.
God places the heaviest burden on those who can carry its weight.
In this day and age, I ask anyone I date right away: 'Are you married? Are you in a relationship with anyone? Does anyone think they're in a relationship with you?' And by the way, if someone says, 'Yes, I am dating other people,' that's not necessarily a deal breaker. But you have to communicate it, not hide it.
I was very, very religious. And of course I wrote about it in 'Night.' I questioned God's silence. So I questioned. I don't have an answer for that. Does it mean that I stopped having faith? No. I have faith, but I question it.
I guess I just process death differently than some folks. Realizing you're not going to see that person again is always the most difficult part about it. But that feeling settles, and then you are glad you had that person in your life, and then the happiness and the sadness get all swirled up inside you.
I believe it is in my nature to dance by virtue of the beat of my heart, the pulse of my blood and the music in my mind.
Conscience is the root of all true courage; if a man would be brave let him obey his conscience.
There's a lot of people in this world who spend so much time watching their health that they haven't the time to enjoy it.
I have never yet met a healthy person who worried very much about his health, or a really good person who worried much about his own soul.
I started painting my nails and started wearing some women's clothing, but that whole side of me always caused problems in my intimate relationships. There was a lot of shame attached to it. I'd talk to people I was dating about it but still feel ashamed.
I got a lot of respect for my OGs, so when they ask me to do something, I do it.
If I can be some kind of vessel to show people that, no matter the hard time you experienced, you can still succeed, I want to put out that positive energy to never quit and never give up.
Parents do not have the courage to say no to certain things that their children demand. They are rather scared of their children.
I had a long time admiration for the Jewish people. Especially with their long time of courage, taking so much abuse for so long. I was only seven years old, but I could easily see the ungodly treatment that the white folks were handing the poor Jewish family whom I worked for.
I tend to like dry humor.
The history of Bitcoin trading is a bubble, a correction, consolidation, and another increase. It's happened four times, and it will happen again.
I had a few dating disasters along the way with girls cheating on me. One girl was the inspiration for me singing 'Cry Me A River' on 'The X Factor.' That was my payback to her because she was unfaithful.
I came, I saw, I conquered.
A man is not rightly conditioned until he is a happy, healthy, and prosperous being; and happiness, health, and prosperity are the result of a harmonious adjustment of the inner with the outer of the man with his surroundings.
The most important impact on society and the world is the cell phone. Cell phones have actually been one of the primary drivers in productivity improvements.
The family is one of nature's masterpieces.
Without courage, wisdom bears no fruit.
Incongruity, they say, is one of the main ingredients of humor. Maybe it's because everybody can feel superior to me. I honestly don't know.
Only mothers can think of the future - because they give birth to it in their children.
I try to bring it across on my record, in my dress, in what I do and what I say because to me humor is important. You should have a dose of that and I guess giving it is what I'm here for.
I really think that technology has the greatest potential to accelerate happiness of most things in the world. The companies that will ultimately do well are the companies that chase happiness. If you find a way to help people find love, or health or friendship, the dollar will chase that.
Sexuality surrounds us like a dangerous aura. The same reverence that is given to the spirit is not given to the flesh. We have had a sexual revolution, but the sexual revolution only has made sex more pervasive. It hasn't granted the level of reverence and respect that it should have.
Different people in different parts of the world can be thinking the same thoughts at the same time. It's an obsession of mine: that different people in different places are thinking the same thing but for different reasons. I try to make films which connect people.
You find out in life that people really like you funny. So what do you give 'em? Humor. And then if you show them the other side, they don't like you as much. I find, too, that I can hide behind the idiot's mask being funny, and you never see the sorrow or the pain.
I'm happy to be on a winning team. My individual success, that lasts for a short period of time. The success of being a part of the South, of Atlanta, which is now the hot bed of music, that's what's gonna last the longest. The fact that I contributed to planting our flag and moving music to my city, that's what I'm most proud of.
Health is the soul that animates all the enjoyments of life, which fade and are tasteless without it.
Sometimes if you spend your time focusing on other people, you give them energy over you; you give them power.
If you have a chance to accomplish something that will make things better for people coming behind you, and you don't do that, you are wasting your time on this earth.
If you believe in God, He will open the windows of heaven and pour blessings upon you.
My father was an electrical engineer who worked at Westinghouse in Pittsburgh. When I was growing up, my mother wrote humor columns for the local paper. She was the Erma Bombeck of Murrysville, Pa.
I have reached the conclusion that those who have physical courage also have moral courage. Physical courage is a great test.
What else does anxiety about the future bring you but sorrow upon sorrow?
My mum and dad ran a family cafe in Sligo for 35 years and worked long hours. We grew up in a very hard-working family and had a lovely atmosphere, as we lived above the restaurant. It definitely made me want to work hard, whatever I chose to do. As the baby of seven kids, I was definitely a bit spoilt.
For there is no friend like a sister in calm or stormy weather; To cheer one on the tedious way, to fetch one if one goes astray, to lift one if one totters down, to strengthen whilst one stands.
Abortion is an attack on the family and the humanity that unites us all.
President Kennedy has named two Negroes to District Judgeships and appointed Thurgood Marshall to the United States Court of Appeals. When I came to the Department of Justice, there were only ten Negroes employed as lawyers; not a single Negro served as a United States Attorney - or ever had in the history of the country. That has been changed.
I was born technically in D.C., and then my family moved to the Columbia area when I was in elementary school. It was right on the line between Clarksville and Columbia in Howard County. I remember it being just like a peaceful, safe atmosphere. I always felt connected to the woods and that whole suburban feel.
Life is now a war zone, and as such, the number of people considered disposable has grown exponentially, and this includes low income whites, poor minorities, immigrants, the unemployed, the homeless, and a range of people who are viewed as a liability to capital and its endless predatory quest for power and profits.
It's important for us as a family to go and sit in the woods sometimes.
I don't care how busy I am - I will always make time for what's most important to me.
Don't focus on the negativity. Focus on the positivity and the people that want you to do well; then, do it for them and for yourself. Sometimes I do things for myself. Sometimes I do things for my family. Sometimes I do things for my friends.
History will be kind to me for I intend to write it.
Clearly, the response to terrorism and violent extremism must respect human rights and comply with international law. That is not just a question of justice but of effectiveness.
Social cohesion and inclusive growth are additional crucial perspectives to incorporate into public policies, targeting a renewed social contract that reduces inequalities and benefits the whole of society.
Both within the family and without, our sisters hold up our mirrors: our images of who we are and of who we can dare to be.
In the future, everyone will be famous for 15 minutes.
When I see children, I see the face of God. That's why I love them so much. That's what I see.
The condition of all development is not to be content with the present, but to have the courage to ask how everything can be made better and the good fortune to find a right answer to this question in thought or in action.
I go out to dinner occasionally and that's the sum of my dating life.
No one needs to tell me about the importance of the free press in a democratic society or about the essential role a newspaper can play in its community.
I'm a big believer in what's called personalized medicine, which refers to customizing your health care to your specific needs based on your physiology, genetics, value system and unique conditions.
Human history becomes more and more a race between education and catastrophe.
Life is all about having a good time.
Howard Dean has been successful because he was clear in his opposition to the war. People appreciate a politician with the courage to say, I oppose this war.
I celebrate myself, and sing myself.
All my humor is based on destruction and despair. If the whole world were tranquil, without disease and violence, I'd be standing in the bread line - right in back of J. Edgar Hoover.
Men fear death as children fear to go in the dark; and as that natural fear in children is increased by tales, so is the other.
There is nothing unpremeditated, nothing neglected by God. His unsleeping eye beholds all things.
When we are dealing with death we are constantly being dragged down by the event: Humor diverts our attention and lifts our sagging spirits.
It matters not how a man dies, but how he lives. The act of dying is not of importance, it lasts so short a time.
With plastic surgery, the general anesthetic is like a black-velvety sleep, and that's what death is - without waking up to someone clapping and going, 'Joan, wake up, it's all over and you're looking pretty'.
War alone brings up to their highest tension all human energies and imposes the stamp of nobility upon the peoples who have the courage to make it.
I always pray for God's guidance in my life and he always provides it. He opens the right doors he shuts the right doors. And I have tremendous faith in him. He just guided my career in an amazing way.
It's funny how most people love the dead, once you're dead, you're made for life.
You know, I had my mother and my father convincing me that he would be going back to Hollywood and he'd be back with the actresses and dating them and that he wasn't serious about me at all. So I had him saying one thing to me and my parents telling me something else.
The obligation of subjects to the sovereign is understood to last as long, and no longer, than the power lasteth by which he is able to protect them.
The byproduct of the main thrust to protect the biodiversity of a given place is that you get especially young people out to the parks, because it will be future generations that will have to value these landscapes and these ecosystems and make sure that nobody is changing the law.
Must not all things at the last be swallowed up in death?
I don't have stylistic loyalty. That's why people perceive me changing all the time. But there is a real continuity in my subject matter. As an artist of artifice, I do believe I have more integrity than any one of my contemporaries.
Access to computers and the Internet has become a basic need for education in our society.
For a long time, I have been wanting to write a book for singles that would help them in the dating process and in getting ready for marriage. Most of my writing, I've written to couples who are already married, because I've been doing marriage counseling for 35 years.
We are having Internet Governance discussions and meetings and a very large number of people are discussing the future of the Internet who have no clue as to what the Internet is except that it is important and that they have to be involved.
It is in the power of everybody, with a little courage, to hold out a hand to someone different, to listen, to attempt to increase, by even a tiny amount, the quantity of kindness and humanity in the world.
I know the power obedience has of making things easy which seem impossible.
If you're in the music to move to Hollywood and be in 'People' magazine dating an actress or dating some Hollywood celebrity, are you into it for that side of it? Are you in it to be a millionaire? Or are you in it because you love it and you like playing music and you like going on tour?
What really matters is how God sees me. He isn't concerned with labels; he is concerned about the state of man's soul.
What makes photography a strange invention is that its primary raw materials are light and time.
A man's real life is that accorded to him in the thoughts of other men by reason of respect or natural love.
Today we thank God for all the blessings He has bestowed upon this great Country and ask Him to continue to heal our land and meet our needs - and we do so through the power of prayer.
We do not celebrate the death of our enemies.
I was having health issues all my life. You're just not conditioned to think of them as health issues.
A rat race is for rats. We're not rats. We're human beings. Reject the insidious pressures in society that would blunt your critical faculties to all that is happening around you, that would caution silence in the face of injustice lest you jeopardise your chances of promotion and self-advancement.
I'm most passionate about personalization. I firmly believe that personalized experiences with brands will most drive loyalty and relevance for customers in the future.
A man should be mourned at his birth, not at his death.
My mother - who's from Iowa - owns and runs her own day-care centre, while my father's a developer. And my musical influences, I think, came from my father's side of the family.
The danger to society is not merely that it should believe wrong things, though that is great enough; but that it should become credulous, and lose the habit of testing things and inquiring into them; for then it must sink back into savagery.
Unfortunately, we are a society that does look down on divorce when, ironically, there are more single divorced people in the world right now. So, the fact of the matter is that it's a reality, and more people should obviously embrace wanting to change, wanting to move on from a relationship that just no longer works for them.
I am an angel. I was sent here from God to heal.
Like family, we are tied to each other. This is what all good musicians understand.
Studies have shown that inmate participation in education, vocational and job training, prison work skills development, drug abuse, mental health and other treatment programs, all reduce recidivism, significantly.
I believe that you control your destiny, that you can be what you want to be. You can also stop and say, 'No, I won't do it, I won't behave his way anymore. I'm lonely and I need people around me, maybe I have to change my methods of behaving,' and then you do it.
Lost - yesterday, somewhere between sunrise and sunset, two golden hours, each set with sixty diamond minutes. No reward is offered, for they are gone forever.
I do all of the grocery shopping in my little family. I buy cheese, of many different kinds, sliced packaged meats and poultry, bagels, immense quantities of eggs, pre-made fried chicken. Milk. Bacon. It is insane how much dairy, deli and bakery stuff I buy.
The saga of a nation is the saga of its families written large. And whoever owns the family owns the future.
I respect all the fighters. I respect Georges St-Pierre because Georges has a great story in the UFC. I respect all the fighters in here because this is the biggest sport in the world.
Sometimes Americans don't quite get my sense of humor. My good ol' British sarcasm seems to go over their heads.
Don't you dare underestimate the power of your own instinct.
I don't really know what 'respect' means. That sounds like something a kid in the street says after he's getting ready to take your coat and your shoes.
I've been knocked down more than any heavyweight champion in history.
So the brother in black offers to these United States the source of courage that endures, and laughter.
All men are by nature equal, made all of the same earth by one Workman; and however we deceive ourselves, as dear unto God is the poor peasant as the mighty prince.
It is my dream that Chinese medicine will help us conquer life-threatening diseases worldwide and that people across the globe will enjoy its benefits for health promotion.
I deserve respect for the things I did not do.
In order to succeed you must fail, so that you know what not to do the next time.
When we harness the ability to turn connections into data and then into knowledge, we can empower citizens, patients, and professionals to prevent disease, avoid or better manage health crises, and even save lives.
Surround yourself with people you like and respect; surround yourself with people you just want to be around and keep making things.
I actually think the one who is underestimated in terms of impact he's had on society is Bill Gates. The reason is that with the innovation of software, he really allowed the computer revolution to take hold.
Almost every time we get together with family or friends, the conversation ends up being about food.
I am the jongleur. I leap and pirouette, and make you laugh. I make fun of those in power, and I show you how puffed up and conceited are the big shots who go around making wars in which we are the ones who get slaughtered. I reveal them for what they are. I pull out the plug, and... pssss... they deflate.
Time is a circus, always packing up and moving away.
We are under attack. Our culture, society, traditions, and way of life are at risk.
The reason why men enter into society is the preservation of their property.
As the president of Estonia, I represent the only truly digital society which actually has a state; almost all our citizens' interactions with the government, including voting, can be done securely online, and our 'e-residents' can incorporate and run their businesses in Estonia without ever having to set foot here.
Demons, chaos, dragons - all of them are different incarnations and representations of our idea of death in 'Dark Souls.'
The future is an opaque mirror. Anyone who tries to look into it sees nothing but the dim outlines of an old and worried face.
Death metal has now become exclusively about being evil, Satanic and playing full speed ahead. It's not what I'm into at all.
I respect the Japanese and especially like their execution and communication styles. Unlike the Koreans, they will not hit you from behind.
Remembering that I'll be dead soon is the most important tool I've ever encountered to help me make the big choices in life. Because almost everything - all external expectations, all pride, all fear of embarrassment or failure - these things just fall away in the face of death, leaving only what is truly important.
I would like nuclear fusion to become a practical power source. It would provide an inexhaustible supply of energy, without pollution or global warming.
The main thing is to make history, not to write it.
I put so much pressure on myself. I'm my toughest critic. I always push myself to go harder than I did last time.
Humor is reason gone mad.
There is a huge need and a huge opportunity to get everyone in the world connected, to give everyone a voice and to help transform society for the future. The scale of the technology and infrastructure that must be built is unprecedented, and we believe this is the most important problem we can focus on.
If history could teach us anything, it would be that private property is inextricably linked with civilization.
The silver swan, who, living had no note, When death approached unlocked her silent throat.
Whatever the long-term legal prospects for same-sex marriage, President Obama's willingness to put the matter front and center in an election year can at least make him a candidate for inclusion in Kennedy's Profiles in Courage.
The eye sees what it brings the power to see.
If God did not intend for us to eat animals, then why did he make them out of meat?
Our film examines the heroism, courage and prowess of the Soviet submarine force in ways never seen before.
One of the greatest rebels, who I really admire: Christ. He was a rebel. He ended up being crucified. He was a great rebel. He rebelled against the established power that subjugated.
Pain and death are part of life. To reject them is to reject life itself.
The government will see that human spaceflight is useful - for science and the economy - and inspirational.
You can't respect yourself if you're afraid to be who you are.
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage.
Dating is different when you get older. You're not as trusting, or as eager to get back out there and expose yourself to someone.
We love to be with our family and friends and I can tell you that lots of eating will be involved.
The Gospel offers forgiveness for the past, new life for the present, and hope for the future.
Laughter, and the broader category of humor, are key elements in helping us go on with our life after a loss.
I like to have my privacy. I don't like people knowing what I do in my free time. I am also a very shy person, but I understand that people want to know more.
We need to change the culture of this topic and make it OK to speak about mental health and suicide.
Whatever enlarges hope will also exalt courage.
I think laughter may be a form of courage. As humans we sometimes stand tall and look into the sun and laugh, and I think we are never more brave than when we do that.
Those people who develop the ability to continuously acquire new and better forms of knowledge that they can apply to their work and to their lives will be the movers and shakers in our society for the indefinite future.
Winning is great, sure, but if you are really going to do something in life, the secret is learning how to lose. Nobody goes undefeated all the time. If you can pick up after a crushing defeat, and go on to win again, you are going to be a champion someday.
There is no mercy in a system that makes health care a luxury. There is no mercy in a country that turns their back on those most in need of protection: the elderly, the poor, the sick, and the suffering.
I'm currently single, so I want to have fun! As for what guys need to do to date out of their league, it's all about the swagger. If you have confidence, you can get pretty much any girl.
A lioness has got a lot more power than the lion likes to think she has.
Death is something that happens to others, you think, until it happens to you.
Together let us desire, conceive, and create the new structure of the future, which will embrace architecture and sculpture and painting in one unity and which will one day rise toward Heaven from the hands of a million workers like the crystal symbol of a new faith.
When somebody asks about the greatest players in history, I start with Bill Russell. More than the best player is the MVP, and the MVP in the history of team sports is Bill Russell.
Success is not defined by money or status, necessarily, but by how many people you've impacted and how fulfilled you feel with your decisions. If you can garner all of these things, then more power and success to you, but all in all, you must feel happy and satisfied with what you personally have put out into the world.
Excusing or downplaying British racism with comparisons to the US is a bad habit with a long history.
I hated the idea of a high school sweetheart. Growing up, oh my God, it just made me sick. I wanted to have a range of cool boyfriends. I wanted to travel around and date these interesting men. Then it just happened. You fall in love.
Our greatest glory is not in never failing, but in rising up every time we fail.
God gave me everything I have.
Obviously, virtual reality is where I've placed my bet about the future and where the excitement is going. At this point, I could say it's almost a lock. It's going to be magical - it is magical - and great things are coming from that. Along the way, I was focused on the first-person shooters. I said we should go do something on mobile.
Prejudice is sinful. All blood flows red. And the most harmful and foolish kind of prejudice is prejudice against yourself. Every woman is your sister, and every woman needs her sisters. So try to give other women the courtesy of your compassion, respect, and forgiveness. Love yourself despite - and because of - your flaws.
The future generation is not going to judge India just on the basis of one election. There are greater things by which the country is judged. The future generation is going to want a strong economy.
Curiosity, rationalization, and laziness are no match against courage, self-control, and mental toughness.
I lead no party; I follow no leader. I have given the best part of my life to careful study of Islam, its law and polity, its culture, its history and its literature.
A life coach does for the rest of your life what a personal trainer does for your health and fitness.
Taking care of your mental and physical health is just as important as any career move or responsibility.
Never be discouraged. If I were sunk in the lowest pits of Nova Scotia, with the Rocky Mountains piled on me, I would hang on, exercise faith, and keep up good courage, and I would come out on top.
If you're not producing as much as you consume, or perhaps a little more, then clearly we cannot use the big organization of our society for the purpose of keeping you alive, because your life does not benefit us, and it can't be of very much use to yourself.
Custard puddings, sauces and fillings accompany the seven ages of man in sickness and in health.
I'm really interested in social justice, and if an artist has a certain power of being heard and voicing something important, it's right to do it. It could still be done in such a way that it's not aggressive or overly didactic. I'm trying to find that form.
Since John Smith's death and the Blair/Brown takeover in 1994, party members have watched the way in which an elite leadership group has formed in the Labour party, cutting itself off from the party's traditions, values and norms of behaviour.
Spending time with negative people can be the fastest way to ruin a good mood. Their pessimistic outlooks and gloomy attitude can decrease our motivation and change the way we feel. But allowing a negative person to dictate your emotions gives them too much power in your life. Make a conscious effort to choose your attitude.
I literally wear a mask. When I take it off, I'm a father. I'm a husband. I like to come home, and I like to spend time with family, and I like to travel, and I like to have a good time. And I like to be a kid every now and giggle and play with my kids.
What has made America amazing has been the fact that throughout our history, throughout the more than 200 years of our history, there have been men and women of courage who stood up and decided it was more important to look out for the future of their children and their grandchildren than their own political futures.
There are moments of life that we never forget, which brighten and brighten as time steals away.
As society changes, as politics change, as people change, certain songs still seem to resonate.
God is on my side, and that's all I need. I get up in the morning, I pray to God. I don't pray to the president, the governor, the mayor, no black caucus, no this and that. I pray to God, and that's the end of it.
I don't think I'm misunderstood, but there is definitely a certain side of me that the press focuses on - my body, my hair, or who I'm dating - which has never really served me as an actor. It's served me in the commercial world, making money as a model, but the media perception has really hindered my acting career.
I was born into a Christian family and brought up in a Lutheran church. My faith has been the center point of my life, really, since I was a child, but at 16 years of age, I fully surrendered my life over to Christ. At that point, as a teenager, I began to grasp the concept of Christ's true love and forgiveness.
Dad, I'm in some trouble. There's been an accident and you're going to hear all sorts of things about me from now on. Terrible things.
I am tomorrow, or some future day, what I establish today. I am today what I established yesterday or some previous day.
I had a birthday party with my family and friends at a house, and Chipotle catered. It was beautiful.
For me, the single most important question is how to construct a society that is just, safe, peaceful - all those good things - when people finally accept that there is no free will.
When everything goes wrong, what a joy to test your soul and see if it has endurance and courage. An invisible and all-powerful enemy - some call him God, others the Devil, seem to rush upon us to destroy us; but we are not destroyed.
I am more proud of Hillary Clinton's alt-right speech than any other moment on the campaign because she had the courage to stand up.
It is, I believe, the greatest generation any society has ever produced.
Any real piece of writing is an act of courage.
First of all, I respect The Game. He's trail-blazed for artists like myself. I appreciate him, having - living in L.A. myself and knowing what he stands for and what he stood for.
I grew up in a bookless house - my parents didn't read poetry, so if I hadn't had the chance to experience it at school I'd never have experienced it. But I loved English, and I was very lucky in that I had inspirational English teachers, Miss Scriven and Mr. Walker, and they liked us to learn poems by heart, which I found I loved doing.
Whenever people with money have power over people with less money, you have the potential for exploitation.
When life is victorious, there is birth; when it is thwarted, there is death. A warrior is always engaged in a life-and-death struggle for Peace.
I'm going to do a lot of weird stuff that's not going to be like me prancing around like an insane 12-year-old. I showed everybody that side of me and I think it's time to do different stuff, even when it comes down to the type of humor. I want to do some drier, weirder stuff.
A woman's health is her capital.
The sound of 'gentle stillness' after all the thunder and wind have passed will the ultimate Word from God.
Biblical justice is the equitable application of God's moral law in society.
God is my best friend. I talk to God every day. And no one can tell me how to talk to God - not no imam, not no priest, not no rabbi, no pastor.
Health is certainly extremely important, and we've done a number of things at Facebook to help improve global health and work in that area, and I am excited to do more there, too. But the reality is that it's not an either-or. People need to be healthy and be able to have the Internet as a backbone to connect them to the whole economy.
The greatest power that a person possesses is the power to choose.
Inspiration can come from anywhere, and a lot of the time, it depends on how you feel when you get up in the morning.
Let us remember we are all part of one American family. We are united in common values, and that includes belief in equality under the law, basic respect for public order, and the right of peaceful protest.
I date older men, and I date younger men. I have no rules about that.
There are two kinds of people: those who say to God, 'Thy will be done,' and those to whom God says, 'All right, then, have it your way.'
A role model can teach you to love and respect yourself.
Death is not extinction. Neither the soul nor the body is extinguished or put out of existence.
The test of a first-rate intelligence is the ability to hold two opposed ideas in mind at the same time and still retain the ability to function.
We are all different, but when we ask for the Lord's blessings, we must not forget that God created us equal.
Your dreams are what define your individuality. They have the power to give you wings and make you fly high.
Lives of great men all remind us, we can make our lives sublime, and, departing, leave behind us, footprints on the sands of time.
Everybody has a cartoon of themselves. Mine is: I write very fast, and I'm ruthlessly efficient with my time.
You can find heroism everyday, like guys working terrible jobs because they've got to support their families. Or as far as humor, the things I see on the job, on the street, are far funnier than anything you'll ever see on TV.
Time does not change us. It just unfolds us.
History, in general, only informs us of what bad government is.
There will always be ladies who lunch. Always. And apparently they live a long time.
God is not on the side of the big battalions, but on the side of those who shoot best.
Spending time outdoors makes you feel great.
Power is always dangerous. Power attracts the worst and corrupts the best.
I want to help middle-school girls stay interested in math and be good at it, and see it as friendly and accessible and not this scary thing. Everyone else in society tells them it's not for them. It's for nerdy white guys with pocket protectors.
The two great risks are risking too much but also risking too little. That's for each person to decide. For me, not risking anything is worse than death. By far.
What they have done in Japan, which I find so inspirational, is they've brought the toilet out from behind the locked door. They've made it conversational. People go out and upgrade their toilet. They talk about it. They've sanitized it.
I'm fascinated how often and with what whole-heartedness people will risk their lives to perform acts of courage, sacrifice, and compassion for total strangers.
The John Birch Society is not ultra-conservative, communist-hating, and racist as opponents paint it.
Often times I have been asked about the attributes for success, and I have said that you need two attributes for succeeding as an entrepreneur: one, courage, second, luck.
Seeing RuPaul go out there and not only create music, but TV and film roles, and continue to go down so many creative avenues - that is inspirational. For a person of color like myself, I see RuPaul and I say, 'Oh, honey, I can do it too.'
There are psychological repercussions to illness and we need a little more help to get through the effects not only on the afflicted but on the family. And I think there's even a place for humor in that.
The history of all previous societies has been the history of class struggles.
I'm a part of major league rugby. We had a league meeting to decide what to do with anthem protests, and even though I personally agree with what they say they are protesting as inequality and judicial system and incarceration rates among minorities, we decided all should stand and respect every national anthem.
History repeats itself, and that's one of the things that's wrong with history.
It is not the end of the physical body that should worry us. Rather, our concern must be to live while we're alive - to release our inner selves from the spiritual death that comes with living behind a facade designed to conform to external definitions of who and what we are.
But I was very, very lucky, and it was a wake up call as far as motorbikes are concerned. I never flirted with death on the bike, but now I'm totally convinced they're death machines.
The best thing of all is God is with us.
Were I to put myself on... one of those online dating things, I would not include in my profile that I'm regularly hospitalized for psychosis. But I do know that when I get really bad, there is a place for me to go where I will feel better.
'Hereditary' is unabashedly a horror film. In a lot of ways, it's in dialogue with other horror films. But I do know that it was important for me that the film functioned first as a family drama. I know that I'm never affected by anything if I'm not invested in the people to whom the genre things are happening.
Belief creates the actual fact.
I think about a young person who is sitting at home, 13 or 14, a person of color, possibly questioning their sexuality, and watching Dr. Hugh Culber and saying, 'I'm a part of an ideal future that we could work towards.' We're planting seeds in the minds of young people to say, 'Your possibilities are limitless.'
Like Christ said, love thee one another. I learned to do that, and I learned to respect and be appreciative and thankful for what I had.
You reclaim your power by loving what you were once taught to hate.
To find a prince, you gotta kiss some toads.
If recycling is the future, then we must focus our efforts on mitigating negative impacts to our community while protecting our environment.
Let me tell you, NBA free agency is wild. It's like an even worse version of speed dating.
Silence is the last thing the world will ever hear from me.
Mental health is often missing from public health debates even though it's critical to wellbeing.
I do like dating cynics - they tend to be incredibly funny.
The Zionists indeed learnt well from the Nazis. So well that it seems that their morally repugnant treatment of the Palestinians, and their attempts to destroy Palestinian society within Israel and the occupied territories, reveals them as basically Nazis with beards and black hats.
I respect faith, but doubt is what gives you an education.
I'm God's chosen child. I don't worry or carry anything extra to feel the strength. I've always felt the power of God beside me. Your strength lies in instilling honesty, truth, and sincerity in you.
We have one life; it soon will be past; what we do for God is all that will last.
Words have no power to impress the mind without the exquisite horror of their reality.
I did a film called 'Patriot Games' with Harrison Ford, and we actually shot three different versions of my death. And they settled on the third.
If you call on God to improve the results of a shot while it is still in motion, you are using 'an outside agency' and subject to appropriate penalties under the rules of golf.
The moment someone chooses to trust in Jesus Christ, his sins are wiped away, and he is adopted into God's family. That individual is set apart as a child of God, with a sacred purpose.
Bulls don't read. Bears read financial history. As markets fall to bits, the bears dust off the Dutch tulip mania of 1637, the Banque Royale of 1719-20, the railway speculation of the 1840s, the great crash of 1929.
I hope that everyone has the opportunity, whatever their work environment may be, to be surrounded by people that they respect and are inspired by.
A lot of my humor does come from anger. It's like, you're not gonna pull one over on me - which is pretty much my motto anyways.
I love pizza. I want to marry it, but it would just be to eat her family at the wedding.
Create like a god, command like a king, work like a slave.
God will not permit any troubles to come upon us, unless He has a specific plan by which great blessing can come out of the difficulty.
Clearly, some of the reason people embrace alternatives and reject vaccines is that they are angry and mistrustful of government and of pharmaceutical conglomerates. More than that, we pay too much for health care, it's not good enough, and the system is too complex. We need alternatives.
God will not look you over for medals degrees or diplomas, but for scars.
When freedom does not have a purpose, when it does not wish to know anything about the rule of law engraved in the hearts of men and women, when it does not listen to the voice of conscience, it turns against humanity and society.
A tragedy need not have blood and death; it's enough that it all be filled with that majestic sadness that is the pleasure of tragedy.
What is most important to the history of the world? The Taliban or the collapse of the Soviet empire? Some stirred-up Moslems or the liberation of Central Europe and the end of the Cold War?
India was secular even when Muslims hadn't come here and Christians hadn't set foot on this soil. It is not as if India became secular after they came. They came with their own modes of worship, and they, too, were given a place of honor and respect. They had the freedom to worship God as per their wish and inclination.
We sold OkCupid to Match in January of 2011. In September of 2012, I became CEO of all of Match, which is the operating segment of IAC that contains all of the dating properties.
I was tired of a system where women waited around for men to send them a message or ask them out. With Bumble - first a dating app, now a social network that helps you make empowering connections in love, life, and business - women had to make the first move, or the match was void.
In almost every interview someone asks what does HIM stand for. I can't even remember our latest lie about that. When Hanson was hot, we said it means Hanson Is Murder. The name doesn't have a particular history. His Infernal Majesty was a totally different band. I think HIM derives from some death metal joke.
It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves.
The future doesn't exist. The only thing that exists is now and our memory of what happened in the past. But because we invented the idea of a future, we're the only animal that realized we can affect the future by what we do today.
An Atheist believes that a hospital should be built instead of a church. An atheist believes that deed must be done instead of prayer said. An atheist strives for involvement in life and not escape into death. He wants disease conquered, poverty vanished, war eliminated.
I can find God in nature, in animals, in birds and the environment.
I wore goofy hats to school and did musical theater. Most people thought I was a dork. But if you have a sense of humor about it, no one can bring you down.
My team and I have reunited two elements that coexist with difficulty: respect and affection, because when they love you they don't respect you and when they respect you they don't love you.
If God would have wanted us to live in a permissive society He would have given us Ten Suggestions and not Ten Commandments.
At the risk of sounding really corny now, I'm a career prosecutor. I've been doing this for a very long time. And I believe in holding people responsible when they violate the law. But our sole responsibility is to seek justice. And sometimes that means a very lengthy sentence for people who are dangerous and from which society must be protected.
Ages of experience have taught humanity that the commitment of a husband and wife to love and to serve one another promotes the welfare of children and the stability of society.
I think the future for solar energy is bright.
Prayer does not change God, but it changes him who prays.
Property is intended to serve life, and no matter how much we surround it with rights and respect, it has no personal being. It is part of the earth man walks on. It is not man.
The mind is never satisfied with the objects immediately before it, but is always breaking away from the present moment, and losing itself in schemes of future felicity... The natural flights of the human mind are not from pleasure to pleasure, but from hope to hope.
When you get into a tight place and everything goes against you, till it seems as though you could not hang on a minute longer, never give up then, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn.
In Rome, I particularly love the history, churches, sculptures and architecture and the fact that you can walk along a tiny cobbled street and turn the corner to find the Trevi Fountain. London is evocative of other eras and full of history.
Keep courage. Whatever you do, do not feel sorry for yourself. You will win in a great age of opportunity.
You can't rewrite the history books; you can't eliminate the impact of my work and my characters.
I don't come from a family that had the money to put me through college, so I left school with $100,000 in student loan debt.
What you wish to others, God wishes to you.
Trans-dating is hardcore, and it's really scary. And that's coming from me, someone who couldn't be dating in a more open-minded Manhattan pool of artsy boys and creative folk. Not saying it all sucks. I'm just saying it's not easy.
The only journey is the one within.
Great men show politeness in a particular way; a smile suffices to assure you that you are welcome, and keep about their avocations as if you were a member of the family.
Anyone can support a team that is winning - it takes no courage. But to stand behind a team to defend a team when it is down and really needs you, that takes a lot of courage.
So during those first moments of the day, which are yours and yours alone, you can circumvent these boundaries and concentrate fully on spiritual matters. And this gives you the opportunity to plan the time management of the entire day.
I love entrepreneurship because that's what makes this country grow, and if I can help companies grow, I am creating jobs; I am setting foundations for future generations. It sends the message that the American Dream is alive and well.
Courage consists not in blindly overlooking danger, but in seeing it, and conquering it.
Suffering! We owe to it all that is good in us, all that gives value to life; we owe to it pity, we owe to it courage, we owe to it all the virtues.
When I was five years old, I told my parents that I wanted to take ballet. So, ballet was the focus of my life... until puberty. Then I discovered boys and started dating a guy with a mohawk who'd come to my ballet class and freak everybody out. Shortly after that is when I quit.
I respect the game, on and off the field.
Properly, we should read for power. Man reading should be man intensely alive. The book should be a ball of light in one's hand.
In order to acquire a growing and lasting respect in society, it is a good thing, if you possess great talent, to give, early in your youth, a very hard kick to the right shin of the society that you love. After that, be a snob.
My mom ending up passing away, and I got really depressed and didn't have money for therapy, and so I started doing standup to cope with my mom's death.
Humor is emotional chaos remembered in tranquility.
We are living in a multicultural society. Our role as leaders is to enable grappling with this situation, even when multiculturalism is difficult.
The sea - this truth must be confessed - has no generosity. No display of manly qualities - courage, hardihood, endurance, faithfulness - has ever been known to touch its irresponsible consciousness of power.
It is wisest to be impartial. If you have health, but are attached to it, you will always be afraid of losing it. And if you fear that loss, but become ill, you will suffer. Why not remain forever joyful in the Self?
I believe that my future is bright.
Racism is an ism to which everyone in the world today is exposed; for or against, we must take sides. And the history of the future will differ according to the decision which we make.
Life is a process of becoming, a combination of states we have to go through. Where people fail is that they wish to elect a state and remain in it. This is a kind of death.
Caste is about dividing people up in ways that preclude every form of solidarity, because even in the lowest castes, there are divisions and sub-castes, and everyone's co-opted into the business of this hierarchical, silo-ised society.
That's the awful thing about dating. Tight underwear. We would all like to be in a big bra and pants and when you are in a secure relationship you can do that.
You build on failure. You use it as a stepping stone. Close the door on the past. You don't try to forget the mistakes, but you don't dwell on it. You don't let it have any of your energy, or any of your time, or any of your space.
We are a people of many different religions and many different faiths. The only way forward in a pluralistic society of diverse faiths such as ours is to have laws that protect and respect the freedom of all, equally.
The older people that one admires seem to be fearless. They go right out into the world. It's astounding. Maybe they can't see or they can't hear, but they walk out into the street and take life as it comes. They're models of courage, in a strange way.
I like to be able to feel as many parts of myself while watching a movie at one time. I think that's what 'Super' is - it's funny, but it's also sad. It's very touching in certain ways, and it's also got a very dark sense of humor. So it's allowed to go anywhere.
One thing I didn't understand in life was that I had $100,000,000 in the bank and I couldn't buy happiness. I had everything: mansions, yachts, Ferraris, Lamborghinis, but I was depressed. I didn't know where I fitted in. But then I found family and friends and I learned the value of life.
I was dating this guy and we would spend all day text messaging each other. And he thought that he could tell that he liked me more because he actually spelt the word 'YOU' and I just put the letter 'U'.
Well, love is insanity. The ancient Greeks knew that. It is the taking over of a rational and lucid mind by delusion and self-destruction. You lose yourself, you have no power over yourself, you can't even think straight.
Growing up as an Asian American in this society, there were a lot of times where you feel isolated or out of place as an Asian. And growing up in White America, that's absolutely my experience. And I think that's why I got into acting because I wanted to be anybody else but Asian.
We did this together. We, as a team, made history tonight.
Power and violence are opposites; where the one rules absolutely, the other is absent. Violence appears where power is in jeopardy, but left to its own course it ends in power's disappearance.
I call horses 'divine mirrors' - they reflect back the emotions you put in. If you put in love and respect and kindness and curiosity, the horse will return that.
Of all things visible, the highest is the heaven of the fixed stars.
When I was younger, my family would go camping and fishing on our ranches. My dad loves being around all kinds of animals. He's the one who got me to be a really big animal lover.
Great men are rarely isolated mountain peaks; they are the summits of ranges.
Maybe there is no actual place called hell. Maybe hell is just having to listen to our grandparents breathe through their noses when they're eating sandwiches.
I think it's a brilliant tool to have, not only to have a sense of humor, but to be able to use humor to help one navigate life, and I tend not to be that type of person. I wish I were.
My parents came here from Colombia during a time of great instability there. Escaping a dire economic situation at home, they moved to New Jersey, where they had friends and family, seeking a better life, and then moved to Boston after I was born.
Raising awareness on the most pressing environmental issues of our time is more important than ever.
The great test of life is obedience to God.
When you realize the value of all life, you dwell less on what is past and concentrate more on the preservation of the future.
The meaning I picked, the one that changed my life: Overcome fear, behold wonder.
I was a product of a divorced family and I used humor as a weapon to combat sadness. I used comedy to make my mother laugh in light of the darkness that she faced, and to me it became a very powerful tool at a very young age, at six. I saw how therapeutic it could be.
I have a lot of boyfriends, I want you to write that. Every country I visit, I have a different boyfriend. And I kiss them all.
Earlier, my priority was only work. I worked like a dog before I got married. After marriage, once you have a baby, time management is difficult. Your responsibilities change, your priorities change. And you have to concentrate on them if you have to work out your life. Your career is just a part of your life. For me, my family is my life.
Go for it now. The future is promised to no one.
Humor is an antidote to all ills.
Never dress down for the poor. They won't respect you for it. They want their First Lady to look like a million dollars.
We love the sight of the brown and ruddy earth; it is the color of life, while a snow-covered plain is the face of death. Yet snow is but the mask of the life-giving rain; it, too, is the friend of man, the tender, sculpturesque, immaculate, warming, fertilizing snow.
I just realized that basketball and going to the NBA was a possibility, and that's something that I want to use to better my family and possibly help the world if I can.
If some countries have too much history, we have too much geography.
Knowledge will give you power, but character respect.
The greatest of follies is to sacrifice health for any other kind of happiness.
The problem is that my generation was pacified into believing that racism existed only in our history books.
I'm dating a very high-maintenance career.
When I left my family home and had finished university, I stayed in South London but moved closer to London's center, to Brixton and Herne Hill. Herne Hill is a tiny place that is ridiculously overstocked with lovely pubs.
We never, ever in the history of mankind have had access to so much information so quickly and so easily.
God proved His love on the Cross. When Christ hung, and bled, and died, it was God saying to the world, 'I love you.'
I don't want a Black History Month. Black history is American history.
My mom was a nurse, and my dad worked in the Health Ministry as a civil servant. When I was 6 years old, my dad got a job at the Sri Lankan High Commission in Canada, so we moved there.
Sometimes I fantasize about becoming a cartoon and only making music for cartoons. I can easily visualize my future in music when I go into that fantasy in my head.
I think health care is more about love than about most other things. If there isn't at the core of this two human beings who have agreed to be in a relationship where one is trying to help relieve the suffering of another, which is love, you can't get to the right answer here.
Silent pictures show us how we lived and what our attitudes were. And as an art form, they can be wonderfully entertaining and often inspirational.
Traits like humility, courage, and empathy are easily overlooked - but it's immensely important to find them in your closest relationships.
I woke up one morning thinking about wolves and realized that wolf packs function as families. Everyone has a role, and if you act within the parameters of your role, the whole pack succeeds, and when that falls apart, so does the pack.
When it comes to the health of our families, Barack refused to listen to all those folks who told him to leave health reform for another day, another president. He didn't care whether it was the easy thing to do politically - that's not how he was raised - he cared that it was the right thing to do.
There were six kids in our family, and I grew up fast. I had to do a lot of things on my own. I was a rebellious teenager. That's why coming into the film business was good for me because it gave me some discipline. Once I became an actor, I had to grow up a little more.
History has proven time and again that downturns are the best time to invest in new start-ups. You get good deals and find a better environment for start-ups to grow.
Sleep after toil, port after stormy seas, Ease after war, death after life does greatly please.
We'll sort of get over the marriage first and then maybe look at the kids. But obviously we want a family so we'll have to start thinking about that.
If you kiss on the first date and it's not right, then there will be no second date. Sometimes it's better to hold out and not kiss for a long time. I am a strong believer in kissing being very intimate, and the minute you kiss, the floodgates open for everything else.
Kids can learn a lot about necessities and wants by recognizing what people live without. A common routine, but one that should not be overlooked, is having a family donation to a charity for those less fortunate. Ask your kids to search for items, toys, or clothes that they no longer use and contribute those items a collection box.
Never respect men merely for their riches, but rather for their philanthropy; we do not value the sun for its height, but for its use.
I can see how you could get dragged into the bad stuff, but I've got good friends around me, good family. I think I've got my head screwed on.
We sometimes congratulate ourselves at the moment of waking from a troubled dream; it may be so the moment after death.
Men will confess to treason, murder, arson, false teeth, or a wig. How many of them will own up to a lack of humor?
A great chef is an artist that I truly respect.
In truth, politeness is artificial good humor, it covers the natural want of it, and ends by rendering habitual a substitute nearly equivalent to the real virtue.
Whenever I am dating somebody, I want her to take care of me like my mother.
I don't think that there's necessarily a side to drama that has to be completely bleak. You have to have a flicker of humor 'cause everyone has a flicker of humor, something they find funny in life.
We are not victims of aging, sickness and death. These are part of scenery, not the seer, who is immune to any form of change. This seer is the spirit, the expression of eternal being.
Death does not concern us, because as long as we exist, death is not here. And when it does come, we no longer exist.
Surely our inaction with respect to Syria is a poor precedent if we're fighting a war on terror.
I hate organized religion. I think you have to love thy neighbor as thyself. I think you have to pick your own God and be true to him. I always say 'him' rather than 'her.' Maybe it's because of my generation, but I don't like the idea of a female God. I see God as a benevolent male.
To the living we owe respect, but to the dead we owe only the truth.
I grew up in a farming family. I hated cleaning out the chickens but loved hatching them and feeding the new born sheep. The smell of hot milk still has a special resonance for me. Harvest was back-breaking work, though... Where do you think Jesus got his biceps from?
The kind of beauty I want most is the hard-to-get kind that comes from within - strength, courage, dignity.
The point of mythology or myth is to point to the horizon and to point back to ourselves: This is who we are; this is where we came from; and this is where we're going. And a lot of Western society over the last hundred years - the last 50 years really - has lost that. We have become rather aimless and wandering.
Happy the man who, like Ulysses, has made a fine voyage, or has won the Golden Fleece, and then returns, experienced and knowledgeable, to spend the rest of his life among his family.
Right action tends to be defined in terms of general individual rights and standards that have been critically examined and agreed upon by the whole society.
God's gifts put man's best dreams to shame.
God buries His workmen but carries on His work.
Sanctification is the real change in man from the sordidness of sin to the purity of God's image.
I am the first millionaire in my family.
The time making money should be greater than the time that you are spending money.
Some experts look at global warming, increased world temperature, as the critical tipping point that is causing a crash in coral reef health around the world. And there's no question that it is a factor, but it's preceded by the loss of resilience and degradation.
Puns are a form of humor with words.
The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today.
You hear a lot about God these days: God, the beneficent; God, the all-great; God, the Almighty; God, the most powerful; God, the giver of life; God, the creator of death. I mean, we're hearing about God all the time, so we better learn how to deal with it. But if we know anything about God, God is arbitrary.
Don't ask for a million dollars. Ask for the stuff that'll get you a million dollars - your health, your brain, your sanity, wisdom. Prepare me for when I do get that million. Make sure I don't go crazy, make sure I help my family.
In this media-drenched, multitasking, always-on age, many of us have forgotten how to unplug and immerse ourselves completely in the moment. We have forgotten how to slow down. Not surprisingly, this fast-forward culture is taking a toll on everything from our diet and health to our work and the environment.
He has such a patronizing tone and manner, and such a sarcastic sense of humor. I found him rather brutal, a kind of elegant brutality which appealed. No, I think he came pretty much off the page.
The physician's duty is not to stave off death or return patients to their old lives, but to take into our arms a patient and family whose lives have disintegrated and work until they can stand back up and face - and make sense of - their own existence.
I don't know whether your heart ever necessarily changes, but time changes the way that you perceive the world. And you just hope it gives you more empathy and all those other things.
Any man who puts a pair of gloves on deserves respect because lots wouldn't dream of it. To get in there and go one-on-one, you need your hand shaking afterwards. Many men wouldn't get involved.
Iran continues to explicitly threaten to destroy the state of Israel, America's most important ally in the region. Its leaders continue to shout, 'Death to America.' If Iran wants to be a part of the world community, it should renounce such statements.
When you face up to bad things in the past, the most important thing is not to allow them to happen today or in the future, and as storytellers, we must play our part in that.
The main facts in human life are five: birth, food, sleep, love and death.
The future belongs to us, because we have taken charge of it. We have the commitment, we have the resourcefulness, and we have the strength of our people to share the dream across Africa of clean water for all.
A liberal is a man or a woman or a child who looks forward to a better day, a more tranquil night, and a bright, infinite future.
You desire that which exceeds my humble powers, but I trust in the compassion and mercy of the All-powerful God.
Of course, nobody would deny the importance of human beings for theological thinking, but the time span of history that theologians think about is a few thousand years of human culture rather than the fifteen billion years of the history of the universe.
We must use time as a tool, not as a couch.
America is false to the past, false to the present, and solemnly binds herself to be false to the future.
Cowardice and courage are never without a measure of affectation. Nor is love. Feelings are never true. They play with their mirrors.
My dad's sense of humor was direct and sometimes surreal - his quick wit is well known amongst our family and friends. He raised me on Spike Jones records and W.C. Fields movies, and his sense of humor fell somewhere in between.
It's no big secret that 'thinking' women, since they are already gifted with fully functioning brains, are more than happy to have a yummy not-so-smart man in their lives. All we ask for is a sense of humor, a sense of hygiene, and the sense to not cheat.
Often, sustainability is discussed only in the context of energy. Energy sustainability is essential - but the word has a much broader meaning. It means long-term thinking about how we manage our businesses, invest in social spending, and plan for the future. This requires vision and leadership, and it requires citizen engagement.
Find new ways to spread the word of God to every corner of the world.
The U.S. couldn't even get rid of Saddam Hussein. And we all know that the EU is just a passing fad. They'll be killing each other again in less than a year. I'm sick to death of all these fascist lawsuits.
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen.
What we think, we become.
Sometimes I'll be sitting with my friends; I'll say something Koothrappali-esque and make a face. There is a lot of Koothrappali in me as a human being. A lot of mannerism, humor, mischievousness, my innocence. So I don't know if I bring him home so much as I bring myself to him at work.
Remember that when you meet your antagonist, to do everything in a mild agreeable manner. Let your courage be keen, but, at the same time, as polished as your sword.
God wants us to know that life is a series of beginnings, not endings. Just as graduations are not terminations, but commencements. Creation is an ongoing process, and when we create a perfect world where love and compassion are shared by all, suffering will cease.
I don't actually subscribe to the view that all power corrupts. But absolute power - when secured on the back of massive parliamentary majorities, which don't reflect the balance of political opinion in the country - can corrupt absolutely.
The aging and declining population will have far-reaching impacts. Declining fertility rates will possibly increase immigration. The structure of family and society will inevitably change.
In this day and age of Internet, where we have several dating sites, it is bizarre to say the audience is not ready to watch bolder themes.
Different parts of the world have different attitudes to failure. Arguably, it may take more courage to be an entrepreneur in Sydney, or Paris, or London, or Japan, or Singapore... but an entrepreneur sees the world for what it could be, not what it is.
God made me the way I am, and I accept myself. I am who I am, and I'm proud of myself.
Where we are as a nation is due to having an openness to the people of the world. It's incredibly important. I firmly believe that we cannot shut our borders to immigrants. I think a fair and just immigration policy is good for our country and good for our society.
Everyone here has the sense that right now is one of those moments when we are influencing the future.
You must study to be frank with the world: Frankness is the child of honesty and courage.
Happy or unhappy, families are all mysterious. We have only to imagine how differently we would be described - and will be, after our deaths - by each of the family members who believe they know us.
Usually my ideas for work have revolved around my interest in people, especially people that live on the edges of society.
Hegel was right when he said that we learn from history that man can never learn anything from history.
Have the courage to face a difficulty lest it kick you harder than you bargain for.
When a nation goes down, or a society perishes, one condition may always be found; they forgot where they came from. They lost sight of what had brought them along.
Happiness is the only good. The time to be happy is now. The place to be happy is here. The way to be happy is to make others so.
I beg you take courage; the brave soul can mend even disaster.
The only politician in my family was my grandfather's grandfather, who was the mayor of Winnipeg from Jan. 1, 1917, until Jan. 5, 1917, because he lost the recount. So he was mayor of Winnipeg for four days.
You have to have courage to be obedient to God.
Cleanliness is a good thing, which the society should embrace. But it has nothing to do with Modi, nor can he implement it.
It takes courage to acknowledge uncertainty. And nothing is more attractive than demonstrating to another person that he or she is of value to you.
It is health that is real wealth and not pieces of gold and silver.
I will thank God for the day and the moment I have.
Better three hours too soon than a minute too late.
You can't let your past hold your future hostage.
I'm a really nice guy when you meet me, and that surprises a lot of people. I'm not that eccentric in real life - and certainly not that disrespectful. In my own time, I like to just chill out with friends and not get in people's faces.
In the early days of aviation, there was a great deal of experimentation and a high death rate.
History has demonstrated that the most notable winners usually encountered heartbreaking obstacles before they triumphed. They won because they refused to become discouraged by their defeats.
The purpose of the Jewish state is to secure the Jewish future. That is why Israel must always have the ability to defend itself, against any threat.
The art of healing comes from nature, not from the physician. Therefore the physician must start from nature, with an open mind.
People are so bad at driving cars that computers don't have to be that good to be much better. Any time you stand in line at the D.M.V. and look around, you're like, Oh, my God, I wish all these people were replaced by computer drivers.
Women's humor seems to be a little more supportive. It's just kind of trying to make the other one laugh through funny voices and kind of talking about other people. I respond to that. I feel less like I'm going to get beat up in a room full of women than I do in a room full of guys.
I bought an island in 1987. It's in one of the lakes in Canada. I went around it in my boat and went to the real estate office and bought it. It's the best $65,000 I've ever spent. My family camp on it and we have great times there.
Solar power is the last energy resource that isn't owned yet - nobody taxes the sun yet.
I'm really critical of my posture, it makes a big difference. And I try to suck my belly in. Everyone should do that whether you're on a red carpet or not. Even if you're just going out to dinner with your boyfriend you should try and suck it in.
We can make the world a better place, one butt at a time.
There are two futures, the future of desire and the future of fate, and man's reason has never learned to separate them.
Hell begins on the day when God grants us a clear vision of all that we might have achieved, of all the gifts which we have wasted, of all that we might have done which we did not do.
If you have God on your side, everything becomes clear.
I believe the greatest asset a head of state can have is the ability to get a good night's sleep.
It's something I want to overcome. And my kids are scared to death to fly. I want them to witness me overcome it.
I've got big, big dreams for the future.
America's men and women in uniform bravely defend our nation and our values. Their skill, dedication, and valor are the envy of the world. When their time in uniform is over, they are entitled to world-class health care, a benefit they've earned and that their country is grateful to provide for them.
I have no regrets. I've got my health.
I must have been yearning for some Jewish content beyond my genetic makeup because soon after my 21st birthday, I noticed I was no longer dating WASPs.
Bad humor is an evasion of reality; good humor is an acceptance of it.
Similarly, thought is a system. That system not only includes thought and feelings, but it includes the state of the body; it includes the whole of society - as thought is passing back and forth between people in a process by which thought evolved from ancient times.
I don't have to prove myself to anyone. People know what I'm capable of. I've spent a long time in this game.
The idea of progress - the notion that human history is the history of human betterment - dominated the world view of the West between the Enlightenment and the First World War.
We want, as the Saudi people, to enjoy the coming days and concentrate on developing our society and developing ourselves as individuals and families while retaining our religion and customs.
Efforts and courage are not enough without purpose and direction.
The child supplies the power but the parents have to do the steering.
America's future will be determined by the home and the school. The child becomes largely what he is taught; hence we must watch what we teach, and how we live.
Someone who is about to die does not mourn the dead.
The number of cells in our bodies is defined by an equilibrium of opposing forces: mitosis adds cells, while programmed cell death removes them. Just as too much cell division can lead to a pathological increase in cell number, so can too little cell death.
Yes, people pull the trigger - but guns are the instrument of death. Gun control is necessary, and delay means more death and horror.
Feminine force is that inner strength, that power, that will to face down any negative circumstances in life and defeat them.
People are basically the same the world over. Everybody wants the same things - to be happy, to be healthy, to be at least reasonably prosperous, and to be secure. They want friends, peace of mind, good family relationships, and hope that tomorrow is going to be even better than today.
No man can be judged a criminal until he is found guilty; nor can society take from him the public protection until it has been proved that he has violated the conditions on which it was granted. What right, then, but that of power, can authorize the punishment of a citizen so long as there remains any doubt of his guilt?
The message of Passover remains as powerful as ever. Freedom is won not on the battlefield but in the classroom and the home. Teach your children the history of freedom if you want them never to lose it.
There is great mystery in a church. For me, there is a great privilege to be confronted with the design of a church because it shelters the most powerful themes of humanity: birth, marriage, death.
Are we blasphemous in saying that 2-D is largely a thing of the past, and computer-generated animation is the present and future? It's all about creating a better experience for the viewer - and that includes 3-D.
Some people are so afraid to die that they never begin to live.
Let us beware of saying that death is the opposite of life. The living being is only a species of the dead, and a very rare species.
I think we have a duty to maintain the light of consciousness to make sure it continues into the future.
We don't need to share the same opinions as others, but we need to be respectful.
To love God with all your heart, soul, mind, and strength is all-consuming and all-encompassing. It is no lukewarm endeavor.
NBA players are intense competitors, and it is truly humbling to know that my peers see me as someone who exhibits sportsmanship and respect on the court.
I'm just here for good times, man. I want people to have the best time ever. Especially if they're around me.
The best way out is always through.
Though music transcends language, culture and time, and though notes are the same, Indian music is unique because it is evolved, sophisticated and melodies are defined.
Corruption, the greatest single bane of our society today.
I'm trying to be global and trying to push us, as a society, to becoming colorblind, and so I'm very grateful to ABC for casting me in 'Quantico.' It was based on my merit, not on my ethnicity.
I think the teaching profession contributes more to the future of our society than any other single profession.
Mary, Crown Princess of Denmark
With Pearl Jam, everybody is so good at what they do, it's hard to get up the courage to say, Can I sing this part, or, I want to play guitar. I feel like I have more courage to do that.
I loved history because to me, history was like watching a movie.
Before Medicare, nearly half of American seniors were forced to go without coverage because insurance companies were reluctant to insure them - making the chances of having health insurance as a senior the same as getting tails on a coin flip.
I think public awareness of how good vaccines are for kids and how they are good for public health is a great idea.
We lost our way and allowed greed and excess to become the twin pillars of too much of the financial culture. We became a society utterly absorbed in consumption and dismissive of moderation.
We should work to de-link health insurance from employment so if you lose your job, your health insurance goes with you and it is personal, portable and affordable.
One thing matters more than anything else for a dating product, and that is the quantity and quality of the people who use the product. It's really freaking hard to get critical mass.
The Supreme Court has never ruled that Congress can use the Commerce Clause to require individuals to engage in an activity they have chosen to avoid. Yet that is precisely what Obamacare does: It forces Americans without health insurance to purchase coverage. Such a requirement is unprecedented and unconstitutional.
I would like to tell the young men and women before me not to lose hope and courage. Success can only come to you by courageous devotion to the task lying in front of you.
My life comes down to three moments: the death of my father, meeting my husband, and the birth of my daughter. Everything I did previous to that just doesn't seem to add up to very much.
The most remarkable thing about my mother is that for thirty years she served the family nothing but leftovers. The original meal has never been found.
Someone talented, comfortable in his own skin and with a great sense of humor would be sexy according to me.
The leaders come up from the volunteers that do the work, and it's amazing because then they do these incredible things in their community that they never thought they had the power to make that happen.
We didn't exist. Ronald Reagan didn't say the word 'AIDS' until 1987. I've tried desperately to get a meeting in the White House; Gay Men's Health Crisis is already an established organization. I have a certain presence.
You can't call it an adventure unless it's tinged with danger. The greatest danger in life, though, is not taking the adventure at all. To have the objective of a life of ease is death. I think we've all got to go after our own Everest.
You can't buy time or save it, common idioms notwithstanding. You can only spend it.
President Obama has made maternal health one of the core priorities of U.S. international aid funding.
I believe that the Holocaust is the most significant event in human history.
When you relinquish the desire to control your future, you can have more happiness.
Fearlessness is not only possible, it is the ultimate joy. When you touch nonfear, you are free.
I look back on my career and my time as commissioner with great fondness.
My talent is such that no undertaking, however vast in size... has ever surpassed my courage.
To be successful in coaching you have to treat your team like a family. The leader needs backing from everyone.
China's history is marked by thousands of years of world-changing innovations: from the compass and gunpowder to acupuncture and the printing press. No one should be surprised that China has re-emerged as an economic superpower.
Stupidity is also a gift of God, but one mustn't misuse it.
Put your heart, mind, and soul into even your smallest acts. This is the secret of success.
Factually, the Temple Mount is the precise location of the Temple. It's the holiest place in the world for Jews. It's the third holiest place for Muslims. And we need to respect each others' rights, freedom of religion.
I think it's important to find humor anywhere you can. In real life, with the darkest, scariest, most intense moments, if you can find something funny, that's good.
Happiness is dependent on self-discipline. We are the biggest obstacles to our own happiness. It is much easier to do battle with society and with others than to fight our own nature.
I'm sick of not having the courage to be an absolute nobody.
There is no such thing as an empty space or an empty time. There is always something to see, something to hear. In fact, try as we may to make a silence, we cannot.
My countrymen: we have reached a turning point in our history. The choice is yours. Shall we venture into this brave new world, bright with possibilities, or retreat to the safety of our familiar but sterile past? I am for crossing the frontier.
Good humor is a tonic for mind and body. It is the best antidote for anxiety and depression. It is a business asset. It attracts and keeps friends. It lightens human burdens. It is the direct route to serenity and contentment.
Power is given only to those who dare to lower themselves and pick it up. Only one thing matters, one thing; to be able to dare!
Death is nothing, but to live defeated and inglorious is to die daily.
In the many roles I have played in my acting career as military figures, I have simply drawn upon the acts of courage, large and small, I have seen in the men and women with whom I served, and the countless others I met or have come to know through the years.
What I'm suggesting to you is that this could be a renaissance. We may be on the cusp of a future which could provide a tremendous leap forward for humanity.
Solar energy is bound to be in our future. There's a kind of inevitability about it.
Nothing like a little judicious levity.
Diversification and globalization are the keys to the future.
That the AIDS pandemic is threatening sustainable development in Africa only reinforces the reality that health is at the center of sustainable development.
Eisenhower was my war hero and the President I admire and respect most.
Things were a lot simpler in Detroit. I didn't care about anything but boyfriends.
He who has courage and faith will never perish in misery!
We have characters in Western television shows who are in full health with shiny hair and shiny teeth, and they go about their lives having minor problems.
It's a total big difference between a person that got lyrics and a person that can make hit singles. I'm a person that can make some hit singles. I'm not in no booth trying to be a lyrical genius. I'm preparing to make me some singles, and as I develop as a man, then they'll respect my emcee skills.
A bright future for the nation depends on the health and prosperity of rural America.
I took my courage in both hands and went to the Laundromat to do my washing. I had to use three machines.
I'm not for gratuitous nudity, but if there's humor, I don't have a problem.
I've been a Corinthians fan since I was little, even before I played there, my family also supports the club.
Soon after joining the Ministry of Health in Ethiopia, I was called upon as part of team to respond to a malaria outbreak. My team was dispatched to a village in southwestern Ethiopia, where I not only observed the malaria epidemic's shocking effects on adults and children but also experienced it first-hand.
We should learn not to hold grudges and be positive all the time because life is too short and unpredictable.
The relationship with time changes when you're captive.
I am a great believer that what makes our show different is the humor.
Our flag honors those who have fought to protect it, and is a reminder of the sacrifice of our nation's founders and heroes. As the ultimate icon of America's storied history, the Stars and Stripes represents the very best of this nation.
History is, in its essentials, the science of change. It knows and it teaches that it is impossible to find two events that are ever exactly alike, because the conditions from which they spring are never identical.
I think if you don't expect anything from the world, you'll have a lovely time.
Never forget: This very moment, we can change our lives. There never was a moment, and never will be, when we are without the power to alter our destiny. This second, we can turn the tables on Resistance. This second, we can sit down and do our work.
No union is more profound than marriage, for it embodies the highest ideals of love, fidelity, devotion, sacrifice, and family. In forming a marital union, two people become something greater than they once were.
Wit is a weapon. Jokes are a masculine way of inflicting superiority. But humor is the pursuit of a gentle grin, usually in solitude.
Respect a man, he will do it the more.
Family and friendships are two of the greatest facilitators of happiness.
Death can happen anywhere, but kids in Chicago, like 4 years old, can get shot. You don't really hear that in too many places.
We are made in the image of God, and we need to put Spirit back into the equation when we want to improve our physical and our mental health.
My family background really only consists of my mother. She was a widow. My father died quite young; he must have been thirty-one. Then there was my twin brother and my sister. We had two aunts as well, my father's sisters. But the immediate family consisted of my mother, my brother, my sister, and me.
War is society's dirty work, usually done by kids cleaning up failures perpetrated by adults.
Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils.
Eventually, my eyes were opened, and I really understood nature. I learned to love at the same time.
The original home of the Aryan race appears to have been somewhere among the mountains and lofty table-lands of Central Asia. The word 'Arya,' meaning the high or the excellent, indicates their superiority over the neighboring races long before the beginning of history.
That's the dating world. You just keep losing. Everyone does.
The reports of my death have been greatly exaggerated.
I treat all women with the utmost respect both professionally and personally and would never do anything to disrespect them.
Life is strong and fragile. It's a paradox... It's both things, like quantum physics: It's a particle and a wave at the same time. It all exists all together.
Only a humanity to whom death has become as indifferent as its members, that has itself died, can inflict it administratively on innumerable people.
Tragedy occurs when a human soul awakes and seeks, in suffering and pain, to free itself from crime, violence, infamy, even at the cost of life. The struggle is the tragedy - not defeat or death.
Self-esteem is as important to our well-being as legs are to a table. It is essential for physical and mental health and for happiness.
There's a lot more power in calm than in vituperation.
Most of man's problems upon this planet, in the long history of the race, have been met and solved either partially or as a whole by experiment based on common sense and carried out with courage.
The sun don't shine on the same dog's ass all the time.
The British were indeed very far superior to the Americans in every respect necessary to military operations, except the revivified courage and resolution, the result of sudden success after despair.
My great-grandfather was a kola nut trader and the richest man in West Africa at the time of his death. My father was a businessman and politician. I was actually raised by my grandfather.
Too often we underestimate the power of a touch, a smile, a kind word, a listening ear, an honest compliment, or the smallest act of caring, all of which have the potential to turn a life around.
If God wanted us to bend over he'd put diamonds on the floor.
Where mercy, love, and pity dwell, there God is dwelling too.
People see God every day, they just don't recognize him.
It is always wise to look ahead, but difficult to look further than you can see.
Diplomacy: the art of restraining power.
In my opinion, most of the great men of the past were only there for the beer - the wealth, prestige and grandeur that went with the power.
While working hard for my career, I looked after my family and have been there for my mother and in-laws when they needed me around. They reciprocated in kind with their unconditional love and support for my career.
Life is short and the older you get, the more you feel it. Indeed, the shorter it is. People lose their capacity to walk, run, travel, think, and experience life. I realise how important it is to use the time I have.
Tears are often the telescope by which men see far into heaven.
Courage, not compromise, brings the smile of God's approval.
I come from a family of farmers on both sides of my family.
God had to create disco music so I could be born and be successful.
The power of the people and the power of reason are one.
I've got no respect for any young man who won't join the colors.
Leadership is something you earn, something you're chosen for. You can't come in yelling, 'I'm your leader!' If it happens, it's because the other guys respect you.
In strife who inquires whether stratagem or courage was used?
With enough courage, you can do without a reputation.
Basically, I think you need two things to get by in this world: a sense of humor and the ability to laugh when your ego is destroyed.
Among the many misdeeds of the British rule in India, history will look upon the act depriving a whole nation of arms as the blackest.
Both the guys in Nightwish and I have experiences with previous band breakups and all emotions that come with it. It's almost like dating.
I don't seek the limelight. I'm perfectly happy with a quiet life and spending time with my family, but I deserve recognition.
If you have not chosen the Kingdom of God first, it will in the end make no difference what you have chosen instead.
I do believe in humanism, and I believe that we should treat each other with respect and care and look after each other. All human beings should have an equal chance to survive in society, and inequality is a big problem in society.
Who would have thought that a tap-dancing penguin would outpoint James Bond at the box office? And deserve to? Not that there's anything wrong with 'Casino Royale.' But 'Happy Feet' - written and directed by George Miller - is a complete charmer, even if, in the way of most family fare, it can't resist straying into the Inspirational.
Internationalism is a community theory of society which is founded on economic, spiritual, and biological facts. It maintains that respect for a healthy development of human society and of world civilization requires that mankind be organized internationally.
A lot of things are going to happen that you can't necessarily control all the time, but you can control what you do after it happens. So that's what I try to do, keep my head up, keep moving forward, stay positive and just work hard.
Old age is the supreme evil, for it deprives man of all pleasures while allowing his appetites to remain, and it brings with it every possible sorrow. Yet men fear death and desire old age.
I think in life, the sense of humor and comedy always exists.
There is never time in the future in which we will work out our salvation. The challenge is in the moment; the time is always now.
I've never been cool and I don't really care about being cool. It's just an awful lot of time and hair gel wasted.
It's time for the human race to enter the solar system.
I've gotten death threats, yes. I have. I think anytime you shine a spotlight on homosexuality or minorities and you try and say they are as normal or as worthy as acceptance as others, the people who are on the fringe don't like that and they will come after you. And they have come after me.
I've been in plenty of situations where someone I'm dating had more time for a console than me.
Sometimes it takes ten seconds to see some humor in your dilemmas, sometimes ten years.
The single outstanding exception was the broad yet precise mandate communicated by the General Assembly in 1946 to prepare as soon as possible the Charter of Human Rights which the San Francisco Conference had not had the time or the courage to draw up.
True generosity is an offering; given freely and out of pure love. No strings attached. No expectations. Time and love are the most valuable possession you can share.
To summarize, draft resistance can make use of the inegalitarian nature of American society as a technique for increasing the cost of American aggression, and it threatens values that are important to those in a decision-making position.
Death doesn't frighten me; now I can think peacefully of ending a long life.
They died hard, those savage men - like wounded wolves at bay. They were filthy, and they were lousy, and they stunk. And I loved them.
Even Kings and emperors with heaps of wealth and vast dominion cannot compare with an ant filled with the love of God.
Your present circumstances don't determine where you can go; they merely determine where you start.
China, frankly, can be an opportunity for Africa based on the huge infrastructure deficit on the continent, but what needs to happen is that governments and citizens have to build internal ownership of the need of good governance, transparency, accountability, for respect for the environment.
Twitter is the place where I try to be more funny. And then I use Instagram just as my diary. I pull some jokes on there, but I think people have a better sense of humor on Twitter.
I think probably the qualities that I look for in a man are somewhat different than they were before I became a public person, but not that much different. I think that, sort of, the element of trust is certainly much bigger for me, but the other things that - the other qualities, intelligence and kindness and sense of humor, those things.
I don't mind dating younger men now.
There's not too much Edge in Adam Copeland, but there's a little bit of my sarcasm and my sense of humor, I guess, but I'm not a sleazy, raving maniac like the character of Edge could be.
The law has no power over heroes.
Whoever is new to power is always harsh.
No one can travel your own road for you; you must travel it for yourself. My faith in this stems from my childhood. I grew up in a family with a system of religious beliefs handed down to me.
In the two novels I have published, it was my fortune at different times, and from different persons, to hear the most unqualified censure long before it was possible for me to hear the voice of the public. But my temper was not altered, nor my courage subdued.
If you are neutral in situations of injustice, you have chosen the side of the oppressor. If an elephant has its foot on the tail of a mouse and you say that you are neutral, the mouse will not appreciate your neutrality.
One of my pet peeves is that sometimes the talents of my band get overlooked because, and it was the same problem that Frank Zappa had, with a lot of groups that use humor, people don't realize there's a lot of craft behind the comedy.
When 'happiness' eludes us - as, eventually, it always will - we have the invitation to examine our programmed responses and to exercise our power to choose again.
The history of free men is never really written by chance but by choice; their choice!
We need the world to respect us. They consume a lot of hits and just act like it wasn't... I ain't never seen nobody make these many hits and not get notified for it. And change the game like we did and bring the flow to the game the way we did and not get noticed for it, like the the big way - the real system way.
The people I respect most behave as if they were immortal and as if society was eternal.
I think up until the point when we started in the business, which was in the early '70s, most of the humor was political. The smart humor was political satire.
I have other obligations now - the show, my family, my life... though I know that without my sobriety I wouldn't have any of those things.
God does not discriminate against people, regardless of color, religion, social class, or gender and sexual preferences.
The only hope of socialism resides in those who have already brought about in themselves, as far as is possible in the society of today, that union between manual and intellectual labor which characterizes the society we are aiming at.
Because society would rather we always wore a pretty face, women have been trained to cut off anger.
If you talk to God, you are praying; If God talks to you, you have schizophrenia.
I have spent a decade of my life dating. I am thrilled about never going on another bad date for the rest of my life. I'm also so excited to learn and grow with the person I respect most in this world.
Keep your fears to yourself, but share your courage with others.
Having power and being in a position of power can really blur your judgement, and it's not always that clear.
I'd got to that age when I was out on a date with a guy and I would be thinking: Don't mention your age, don't mention that you want a child - because they would just run out the door.
Our parents deserve our honor and respect for giving us life itself. Beyond this they almost always made countless sacrifices as they cared for and nurtured us through our infancy and childhood, provided us with the necessities of life, and nursed us through physical illnesses and the emotional stresses of growing up.
My wife and I got engaged in New Hampshire at this lake house that her family's had forever, and it's on Lake Winnipesaukee. And so we went there every summer as we were dating.
We are not here to curse the darkness, but to light the candle that can guide us thru that darkness to a safe and sane future.
I don't - you know, I'm very disillusioned with our political system. If we don't wake up in America and realize that we have to vote out of our courage and integrity for candidates who reflect our own beatitudes, and not the beatitudes of the war machine and the corporations, we are - we're doomed.
There is no death. The body withers but the spirit still lives.
The only courage that matters is the kind that gets you from one moment to the next.
God will never direct us to be prideful, arrogant and unforgiving, immoral or slothful or full of fear. We step into these things because we are insensitive to the leadership of the Holy Spirit within us.
I want to see the U.S. wiped out. Death to the U.S.
I've learned that I can't have a packed work schedule and a packed social schedule and a packed personal life; I need to just have time to myself to sit and breathe and unwind.
Your children are not your children. They are the sons and daughters of Life's longing for itself. They came through you but not from you and though they are with you yet they belong not to you.
If you believe in God, believe in Death Row East.
Let your hopes, not your hurts, shape your future.
I just want to be healthy and stay alive and keep my family going and everything and keep my friends going and try to do something so that this world will be peaceful. That is the most ambitious and the most difficult thing, but I'm there trying to do it.
So you start one person at a time. Change one person, you can change a village.
Darwin gives courage to the rest of science that we shall end up understanding literally everything, springing from almost nothing - a thought extremely hard to comprehend and believe.
The groundwork of all happiness is health.
I loved clinical practice, but in public health, you can impact more than one person at a time. The whole society is your patient.
Let a new earth rise. Let another world be born. Let a bloody peace be written in the sky. Let a second generation full of courage issue forth; let a people loving freedom come to growth.
God is cruel. Sometimes he makes you live.
Most people think I am very nice; they think I'm their friend, which is lucky, but it means you're never allowed to be in a bad mood. They take it personally. The worst is when you're on holiday with your family.
'Love, Death and the Changing of the Seasons' is a kind of novel in verse about the arc of an urban lesbian love affair - and I suppose there is a certain amount of voyeurism in the consumption of fiction! The 'Sancerre' poems here are more contemplative and about the relationship of the individual to local and wider histories.
I don't fear death so much as I fear its prologues: loneliness, decrepitude, pain, debilitation, depression, senility. After a few years of those, I imagine death presents like a holiday at the beach.
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present.
I grew up in a big family with a lot of kids around, and I definitely want to have children as well.
We have a history of gender and racial bias on our court that continues to undermine the system. Excluding individuals based on race is antagonistic to the pursuit of justice.
I just don't like when there's a rumor that says I'm dating someone who is below my standards. But when I got divorced, my ex-wife said I was spending all my time with Lindsay Lohan and Angelina Jolie. I was like, 'Thank you for the big ups!'
Now most people do not want an ordinary life in which they do a job well, earn the respect of their collaborators and competitors, bring up a family and have friends. That's not enough any more, and I think that is absolutely tragic - and I'm not exaggerating - that people feel like a decent, ordinary, fun life is no longer enough.
The Royal Family have always had an interest in a number of different areas of society. We are a part of society.
The handicap of deafness is not in the ear; it is in the mind.
God will never give you anything you can't handle, so don't stress.
I understand the fans, I respect them. I'll accept the whistling and booing. It's up to me to transform that all into applause.
A country that cannot feed itself cannot have self-pride, and in the mid-'60s 20 percent of all the wheat produced in America came into India. We were agriculturally a basket case. And 15 years later, 20 years later, we have become an agricultural power. This is the famous Green Revolution.
To retain respect for sausages and laws, one must not watch them in the making.
It is the greatest scam in history. I am amazed, appalled and highly offended by it. Global Warming; It is a scam. Some dastardly scientists with environmental and political motives manipulated long term scientific data to create an illusion of rapid global warming.
The idea that you earn things - that you earn respect, that you earn income, responsibility, the vote, punishment... these ideas are anathema to the liberal mind.
America needs jobs, smaller government, less spending and a president with the courage to offer more than yet another speech.
Feelings of worth can flourish only in an atmosphere where individual differences are appreciated, mistakes are tolerated, communication is open, and rules are flexible - the kind of atmosphere that is found in a nurturing family.
Death is the easiest of all things after it, and the hardest of all things before it.
Universal coverage, not medical technology, is the foundation of any caring health care system.
Love is the greatest gift that God has given us. It's free.
Power and position often make a man trifle with the truth.
With the release of her fourth album, 'Red,' in 2012 and a handful of highly publicized romances, Taylor was criticized by the press and other entertainers for such sinful acts as dating people and writing songs about it, gaining a reputation as boy-crazy and love-ridden.
I respect everyone, from the homeless brother and sister on the street to the executive that sits in the highest office named President Barack Obama. I respect everyone - but we over-respect no one.
A small body of determined spirits fired by an unquenchable faith in their mission can alter the course of history.
Benjamin Franklin said there were only two things certain in life: death and taxes. But I'd like to add a third certainty: trash. And while some in this room might want to discuss reducing taxes, I want to talk about reducing trash.
Poetry gives us courage and sets us straight with the world. Poems are great companions and friends.
My walk on the moon lasted three days. My walk with God will last forever.
Gravity may put the planets into motion, but without the divine Power, it could never put them into such a circulating motion as they have about the Sun; and therefore, for this as well as other reasons, I am compelled to ascribe the frame of this System to an intelligent Agent.
People living deeply have no fear of death.
I was taught that Jesus the Son of God was a white man, and hearing black people singing, 'Lord, wash me, and I will be whiter than snow,' made me sick.
I think the inflation prospects for the U.S. over the next five or six, seven years, are quite serious. You cannot have a bumper crop in apples without the value or the price of each apple falling. The Fed has had the largest increase in the monetary base in the history of the U.S., from colonial times to the present, times ten.
As I write, I control my anxiety and anguish thanks to the invaluable aid of irony and humor. But every night I am subdued by an anxiety that knows no irony, and I must wait until the next day to rediscover the blend of anguish and humor that characterizes my writing and that generates my style.
The skills I acquired in Southeastern Louisiana University, Thrifty Drugs, Pacific Mutual, along with knowing the history, behavior and local staff, helped make Golden Eagle a success story.
The internet could be a very positive step towards education, organisation and participation in a meaningful society.
There will come a time when you believe everything is finished. Yet that will be the beginning.
People always say that pregnant women have a glow. And I say it's because you're sweating to death.
It's very important that we learn how to communicate... and learn to respect each other.
Prior to Wordsworth, humor was an essential part of poetry. I mean, they don't call them Shakespeare comedies for nothing.
The prolonged slavery of women is the darkest page in human history.
I find success to be being able to do what you love and provide for your family by doing what you love.
Traditional models of work only let us cross out the needs on the very bottom of the pyramid - basic sustenance. On the flipside, independent employment within the network of the new sharing economy addresses our needs for a sense of community and belonging, autonomy and respect, creativity and problem solving.
I believe in the value of life. I believe we must prepare our children for tomorrow with the family values of my grandparents.
I was dating a guy that was a huge wrestling fan and I'm embarrassed to say it now but I used to make fun of him for watching it.
It's better to be healthy alone than sick with someone else.
I saw a lot of people asking who am I dating. It's not that I ever wanted to hide it from anybody, but it's not something to be talked about.
Neither a wise man nor a brave man lies down on the tracks of history to wait for the train of the future to run over him.
Now is the age of anxiety.
When you are organizing a group of people, the first thing that we do is we talk about the history of what other people have been able to accomplish - people that look like them, workers like them, ordinary people, working people - and we give them the list: these are people like yourself; this is what they were able to do in their community.
When his life was ruined, his family killed, his farm destroyed, Job knelt down on the ground and yelled up to the heavens, 'Why god? Why me?' and the thundering voice of God answered, 'There's just something about you that pisses me off.'
I have a great respect for people that write. I don't know how they do it every day... or do novels that they have to use their minds instead of just their memories. It's tough duty.
I have seen that technology has contributed to improved communication, that it's contributed to better health care, that it's contributed to better food supplies, that it has contributed to all the basic human needs.
You have setbacks in your life, and adversity. You can be discouraged about it or have courage to get through it and be better.
Children are our future and every child deserves to have an environment where they can learn and flourish and gain knowledge.
A healthy human environment is one in which we try to make sense of our limits, of the accidents that can always befall us and the passage of time which inexorably changes us.
The follow your dreams thing is really important because so many people are railroaded into taking other paths by their family, their friends, people who should be supportive going, 'What are you talking about?' Even just seemingly regular career paths, but if it's not what people expect for you they kind of react funny.
Family is not an important thing. It's everything.
Before the Second World War, I believed in the perfectability of social man; that a correct structure of society produced goodwill; and that, therefore, you could remove all social ills by a reorganisation of society. It is possible that I believe something of the same again; but after the war, I did not because I was unable to.
There is one, and only one, thing in modern society more hideous than crime namely, repressive justice.
As a small-business owner who kept costs low and health care premiums flat for 10 years in my company, I know firsthand that transparency is the trick to reducing the skyrocketing health care costs that are burdening patients, employers, and our state, local, and federal governments.
Europe was created by history. America was created by philosophy.
I've always been a huge family person. Growing up with such a huge family, it was just amazing, so coming home to that is always awesome and... it makes me happy.
Time goes by so slowly when you're a child, and then, as an adult, it goes by in the blink of an eye.
Even people that I agree with can do something that would be a target for a bit of humor.
I used to think I was a gay man with this idea of a muse in my head, like a woman that I thought was inspirational or aspirational. But the woman was actually me.
From my perspective, I think the question of how we build a better future is an extremely important overarching question, and I think it's become obscured from us because we no longer think it's possible to have a meaningful conversation about the future.
Death is an absolute mystery. We are all vulnerable to it, it's what makes life interesting and suspenseful.
I eat really healthy, and if I'm tired, I take a nap.
The Recovery plan will put money in the pockets of the American worker, create and save millions of new jobs and invest in crucial areas such as health care, education, energy independence and a new infrastructure.
Daredevil was known as 'The Man Without Fear,' and I just thought, 'Well, I don't think that's very interesting.' I don't think it's very interesting to watch someone who's incapable of feeling fear. It also removes from the palate my favorite character attribute, which is courage. If you're not afraid, you can't exercise courage.
W. E. B. Du Bois
I pull a lot of the stuff that I play off the rhythm tracks - and Keith Richards has been one of the main contributors to my inspirational playing.
You can't buy back your respect; you can't buy back your career. You only get one, so I don't want to mess that up.
Al Qaeda operates by launching surprise attacks on civilian targets with the goal of massive casualties. Our only means for preventing future attacks, which could use WMDs, is by acquiring information that allows for pre-emptive action.
We need to have a modicum of faith in people's common sense, creativity and will to survive and prosper even in the face of great difficulties and obstacles. If people could keep society running in the aftermath of the Black Death, they could keep it running after the U.S. government defaulted on its debt.
A martyr can never cooperate with death, go to death in a way that they're not trying to escape.
As far as songwriting, my inspirations came from love, life and death, and viewing other people's situations.
I've gotten to travel all over the world and meet all kinds of people and do all kinds of great things, so it's, like, surreal. It just lets you know how time flies, especially when you're having fun. It seems like time keeps going by faster as I get older.
For a long time, I had a crazy girl dating habit.
High-quality early-childhood programs and health coverage have expanded, and the number of mentoring relationships for at-risk youth has risen dramatically. That progress is encouraging, but it's not evenly distributed.
I'm Ifa. I grew up practicing Ifa, my mom is Ifa, my whole family is Ifa.
History is rife with examples of governments taking actions to 'protect' their citizens from harm by controlling access to information and inhibiting freedom of expression and other freedoms outlined in The Universal Declaration of Human Rights. We must make sure, collectively, that the Internet avoids a similar fate.
I felt I did trust in Christ, Christ alone for salvation, and an assurance was given me that he had taken away my sins, even mine, and saved me from the law of sin and death.
The Holocaust changed our perception of morality not only because we discovered that morality is the only thing that can stand up to the ultimate evil, but also because it shifted the focus from society to the individual.
I thank my God for graciously granting me the opportunity of learning that death is the key which unlocks the door to our true happiness.
Ever since the infamous quiz show scandals of the 1950s, the feds had insisted that TV game shows be honest - or that at least they didn't cheat. So as a 'Dating Game' bachelor, I didn't know what I was going to be asked. The other bachelors and I were required to concoct our answers in real time.
Humor levels the playing field. I understood that early on - that was something I had.
Robert Walker as Bruno was excellent. He had elegance and humor, and the proper fondness for his mother.
I was single for a while and dating and... I just didn't know how to do it! I've always been like that: when I was 15, there was a guy I liked, and we made out, and I thought that meant he was my boyfriend.
Labor wants pride and joy in doing good work, a sense of making or doing something beautiful or useful - to be treated with dignity and respect as brother and sister.
You've got to enjoy time with your family and friends, and if you're involved in sports franchises, those peak moments in playoff games. You have to enjoy life.
I didn't grow up with a musical family. My mom had a lot of CDs in the house, particularly Whitney Houston, Mariah Carey, Celine Dion, ABBA, all the sort of like diva icons. She's Swedish, so she loves pop music.
You learn about equality in history and civics, but you find out life is not really like that.
Practicing in the trial work trenches of the law, I saw, too, that when we judges don our robes, it doesn't make us any smarter, but it does serve as a reminder of what's expected of us: Impartiality and independence, collegiality and courage.
Two prisoners whose cells adjoin communicate with each other by knocking on the wall. The wall is the thing which separates them but is also their means of communication. It is the same with us and God. Every separation is a link.
None of God's Creatures absolutely consider'd are in their own Nature Contemptible; the meanest Fly, the poorest Insect has its Use and Vertue.
In a repressed society, artists fulfil a sense of harking back to instant gratification, or immediate expression, by doing things that function on the edge of society, or outside of what is conventionally accepted.
I used to have a dog, and I was very close to my dog, and he passed away, so when I need to bring out a moment where I'm crying, I bring out that moment. His name was Rinkles. All of the boys in my family's names are spelled with an 'R,' and he was a boy, so he was Rinkles with an 'R,' not a 'W.'
I was now resolved to do everything in my power to defeat the system.
Those who welcome death have only tried it from the ears up.
My death scene in 'The Salton Sea' is really weird. I mean, I get shot in the head. What experience can you possibly draw from? There's nothing you can compare it to, really.
The hate directed against the colored people here in St. Louis has always given me a sad feeling... How can you expect the world to believe in you and respect your preaching of democracy when you yourself treat your colored brothers as you do?
I want a real revolution, a real change in society: society, a great organic mass of well-regulated forces used for the bringing-about a happy life for all.
It is incontestable and deplorable that Negroes have committed crimes; but they are derivative crimes. They are born of the greater crimes of the white society.
I think in order to really create something special, it has to be built on some foundation. And I think friendship is a good foundation you could always tap back on if you don't agree. So for me, it's not dating, it's more so friendship.
It has been said that time heals all wounds. I don't agree. The wounds remain. Time - the mind, protecting its sanity - covers them with some scar tissue and the pain lessens, but it is never gone.
Real nobility is based on scorn, courage, and profound indifference.
There's an awful lot of future out there, and what you got to do, is you go to out and grab it, wrestle it to the ground, accept the challenges, and then decide. You've got the skills. You've got the knowledge. You've got the love, and you're capable of moving forward and making a great life yourself.
Working together with our exceptional leadership team, our Ministry of Health was empowered to make smart investments that could unlock our potential by producing long-lasting health and economic benefits for all.
The God who gave us life, gave us liberty at the same time.
Time is nature's way of keeping everything from happening at once.
For this equilibrium now in sight, let us trust that mankind, as it has occurred in the greatest periods of its past, will find for itself a new code of ethics, common to all, made of tolerance, of courage, and of faith in the Spirit of men.
To me, Egypt is a wonderful history, a wonderful people, and it's represented through artists like Om Kalthoum, who is considered the fourth pyramid of Egypt. She's a wonderful diva whose voice, for me, is really Egyptian.
For decades, scholars have studied the ways in which implicit biases affect how we perceive other people in this multiethnic society of ours. The data consistently shows that about 90 percent of us possess some implicit prejudices - and, unsurprisingly, people typically favor their own group.
Total absence of humor renders life impossible.
Courage is on display every day, and only the courageous wring the most out of life.
It is change, continuing change, inevitable change, that is the dominant factor in society today. No sensible decision can be made any longer without taking into account not only the world as it is, but the world as it will be.
My family and I survived Hurricane Katrina in 2005; we left my grandmother's flooding house, were refused shelter by a white family, and took refuge in trucks in an open field during a Category Five hurricane. I saw an entire town demolished, people fighting over water, breaking open caskets searching for something that could help them survive.
The political core of any movement for freedom in the society has to have the political imperative to protect free speech.
To shape today's and tomorrow's 'future proof' worker, schools must teach specialized hard skills, such as the STEM skills that are in high demand.
Homework's hard. Especially math. My kids joke with me. They tell me they have homework. I say, 'Okay.' And then I sit down and they say, 'It's math.' 'No! Not math! English, history, anything!'
Debate and divergence of views can only enrich our history and culture.
God lets you be successful because he trusts you that you will do the right thing with it. Now, does he get disappointed often? All the time, because people get there and they forget how they got it.
After women, flowers are the most lovely thing God has given the world.
We had two rules growing up in my house: If you're going to take a shower, do it with whomever you're dating so you don't waste water; and if you buy one for yourself, buy six, because everybody's going to want one.
To have died once is enough.
Jazz music is America's past and its potential, summed up and sanctified and accessible to anybody who learns to listen to, feel, and understand it. The music can connect us to our earlier selves and to our better selves-to-come. It can remind us of where we fit on the time line of human achievement, an ultimate value of art.
The only power you have is the word no.
I know that there's a god because I was able to survive everything that I've been through - all of the tough times - and I'm still at the top of my game.
History is imperfect and biased, and it always, always has omissions. The most common omissions are the bits that the writer of that history took for granted that his readers would know.
There's no present. There's only the immediate future and the recent past.
I'll tell you what I'm grateful for, and that's the clarity of understanding that the most important things in life are health, family and friends, and the time to spend on them.
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.
The family you come from isn't as important as the family you're going to have.
The first time I see a jogger smiling, I'll consider it.
All those vitamins aren't to keep death at bay, they're to keep deterioration at bay.
The campaign against the death penalty has been - while a powerful campaign, its participants have been those who attend all of the vigils, a relatively small number of people.
Men live by intervals of reason under the sovereignty of humor and passion.
We don't come to Canada for our health. We can think of other ways of enjoying ourselves.
In a decaying society, art, if it is truthful, must also reflect decay. And unless it wants to break faith with its social function, art must show the world as changeable. And help to change it.
We all need to become more customer-focused and recognize the power of marketing to sell more diamonds.
This is an exciting time. I believe we stand at the edge of a new age - a Golden Age - of freedom that will rival any of the great eras of world history because it will be the entire world itself that is changing.
Meals make the society, hold the fabric together in lots of ways that were charming and interesting and intoxicating to me. The perfect meal, or the best meals, occur in a context that frequently has very little to do with the food itself.
Honestly, I grew up in pretty modest circumstances. We were a middle-class family.
And as a child I was filled with passionate admiration for acts of civic courage I had seen performed by an elderly military doctor, who was a friend of my family.
I take the view that anything you can do to relieve suffering or improve human health will usually be widely accepted by the public - that is to say, if cloning actually turned out to be solving some problems and was useful to people, I think it would be accepted.
Putting a little time aside for clean fun and good humor is very necessary to relieve the tensions of our time.
I am not trying to change the world. I am just offering my gift that God gave me, and if somebody is moved by it, that's beautiful.
The scars and stains of racism are still deeply embedded in the American society.
The blockchain symbolizes a shift in power from the centers to the edges of the networks.
That you may retain your self-respect, it is better to displease the people by doing what you know is right, than to temporarily please them by doing what you know is wrong.
So most girls I date - actually, all of them - say this. Every girl I end up dating, there's like a couple things. One, they hate me at first.
There are two ways of attaining an important end, force and perseverance; the silent power of the latter grows irresistible with time.
I taught in Belize for a year, and before I left, my parents were birddogging me to get health care coverage. So what I did was, I reenrolled in college, and then got coverage through my college.
A blank wall of social and professional antagonism faces the woman physician that forms a situation of singular and painful loneliness, leaving her without support, respect or professional counsel.
One cannot help being impressed by the protesters. They have begun each day of the protest in Kiev in prayer and all activities are accomplished with a collective sense of respect, kindness, and an intention to conduct a peaceful revolution.
I've got tremendous respect for different cultures, for the food and everything.
We may not know what each day has in store for us. We could be gone tomorrow. Any minute could truly be our goodbye. But we do have this moment. This time. Today. Right now. It takes way more effort to shell out hate then it does to allow love to flow freely in our lives. After all, it's what we were born to do.
I really like dating stories, like in Betty and Veronica comics; I like David Lynch and H.P. Lovecraft for the dark gut-wrenching stuff, and I'm inspired by Miyazaki's films for the subtle heart-warming moments, as well as the moments that blew up my imagination.
I have to be very humble. I know that anything I do is through God. Through me, God can make a miracle. The most you can do is to think and create all love, all grace, all power, all health. When you do that, amazing things can happen. But the day I think that I'm doing a miracle myself is a foolish day for me.
God tempers the wind to the shorn lamb.
Disappointment is inevitable. But to become discouraged, there's a choice I make. God would never discourage me. He would always point me to himself to trust him. Therefore, my discouragement is from Satan. As you go through the emotions that we have, hostility is not from God, bitterness, unforgiveness, all of these are attacks from Satan.
I love Stephen Colbert and Jon Stewart because they're bringing irony back into American humor, which is a delicious treat. The entire Colbert persona of being extreme right-wing when he's not at all is highly amusing. He does it so well, but sometimes a little too well. My wife is convinced he's completely that way.
We're all human, and part of being human is showing respect and support for others' life choices.
For the men and women of the FBI, bravery is reflected not only in the physical courage often necessary in the job. It can be seen in the courage of conviction, in the courage to act with wisdom in the face of fear, and in the courage it takes to admit mistakes and move forward.
In order to design a future of positive change, we must first become expert at changing our minds.
It is love, not reason, that is stronger than death.
Our Western society is showing its technological muscles in ever more threatening ways, but the experience of fear, anxiety and even despair has increased in equal proportion. Indeed, the paradox is that the powerful giants feel as powerless as a new-born babe.
I cured with the power that came through me.
Daring to set boundaries is about having the courage to love ourselves, even when we risk disappointing others.
Faithful servants never retire. You can retire from your career, but you will never retire from serving God.
God never ends anything on a negative; God always ends on a positive.
A 'real pastor' is not preaching of their own; they are speaking what God put in their heart by the Holy Spirit. The Holy Spirit is using them at that very moment to speak to the congregations situations -past, present, and future.
Lying at the root of the social agreements of 1980 are the courage, sense of responsibility, and the solidarity of the working people. Both sides have then recognized that an accord must be reached if bloodshed is to be prevented.
Trying to maintain your health on the road can be difficult. Especially in the middle of the country where they close by 9 and you're not out of work until midnight. You end up at a McDonald's or Taco Bell.
I've been so blessed to be part of a family that has dedicated its life to public service.
A book without potty humor is like a banana split without hot fudge. It can still be good, I suppose, but you kinda get the feeling that something is missing.
The Fort Lauderdale Strikers is a team with history, tradition.
The way to deal with the devil of obesity and diabetes is literally one day at a time.
ESPN is all meat and potatoes. It's pretty much scouting reports. There isn't a great deal of humor, and when there is, it's pretty sophomoric.
I don't know if my sense of humor goes over Americans' heads.
God's plan for enlarging His kingdom is so simple - one person telling another about the Savior. Yet we're busy and full of excuses. Just remember, someone's eternal destiny is at stake. The joy you'll have when you meet that person in heaven will far exceed any discomfort you felt in sharing the gospel.
I don't walk around looking into cameras and telling people I'm the best fighter in the world just to hear myself talk. I say it for the same reason they put warnings on packages of cigarettes, and fighting Chael Sonnen may be hazardous to one's health.
I think we risk becoming the best informed society that has ever died of ignorance.
Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship.
We should all be concerned about the future because we will have to spend the rest of our lives there.
I will continue my work to shepherd in this important societal change... In addition to working on AI myself, I will also explore new ways to support all of you in the global AI community so that we can all work together to bring this AI-powered society to fruition.
If you had no new technology, and you powered society as we do today - mostly by fossil fuels - you'd have only two choices: Doom yourself to horrific climate change by burning all that carbon and releasing all that CO2. Or power down society, reducing total energy usage around the planet.
Family traditions counter alienation and confusion. They help us define who we are; they provide something steady, reliable and safe in a confusing world.
I quite like dark humor.
He who is overly attached to his family members experiences fear and sorrow, for the root of all grief is attachment. Thus one should discard attachment to be happy.
We don't do drugs, drink or use profanity. Instead we instill morals and values in my boys by raising them with a love of God and a love and respect for themselves and all people. I believe they will have a chance.
The secret of a happy marriage is finding the right person. You know they're right if you love to be with them all the time.
If man doesn't learn to treat the oceans and the rain forest with respect, man will become extinct.
We need society, and we need solitude also, as we need summer and winter, day and night, exercise and rest.
Love conquers all difficulties, surmounts all obstacles, and effects what to any other power would be impossible.
A comfortable house is a great source of happiness. It ranks immediately after health and a good conscience.
I come from a religious family - my father is a pastor, my uncle, my sister and her husband are a pastor team.
My job as a leader is to make sure everybody in the company has great opportunities, and that they feel they're having a meaningful impact and are contributing to the good of society. As a world, we're doing a better job of that. My goal is for Google to lead, not follow that.
I wish I had known that education is the key. That knowledge is power. Now I pick up books and watch educational shows with my husband. I'm seeing how knowledge can elevate you.
With Malice toward none, with charity for all, with firmness in the right, as God gives us to see the right, let us strive on to finish the work we are in, to bind up the nation's wounds.
Quit worrying about your health. It will go away.
Every song you're trying to find something that going to connect in different ways but for me the songs that I'm really drawn to are inspirational, songs that lift you and that everybody can relate to no matter where you're from.
Gratitude is not only the memory but the homage of the heart rendered to God for his goodness.
Humor is important. Nothing against bands that are always a downer, but the reality is - it just becomes theater.
The more time goes by, the more things will happen to you in your life. And the ability to be positive throughout and look for the good in people, look for the good in situations - it's so important.
Education is not only a ladder of opportunity, but it is also an investment in our future.
The Christian life is not a constant high. I have my moments of deep discouragement. I have to go to God in prayer with tears in my eyes, and say, 'O God, forgive me,' or 'Help me.'
I am a very simple guy. Of course, popularity matters a lot, but for me, my health and family come first.
What matters is to live in the present, live now, for every moment is now. It is your thoughts and acts of the moment that create your future. The outline of your future path already exists, for you created its pattern by your past.
Only you can control your future.
I started out in engineering. I was a geophysical engineer. Throughout the course of my life I've done a lot of strange jobs, and the effect has been to make me think a little more skeptically about our capitalist society.
God has been good to me. My faith has been good to me in the moments of deepest suffering, doubt and fear.
Do dirt, get dirt. So I treat people with the same respect that I want.
I think that what comes through in Chicago humor is the affection. Even though you're poking fun at someone or something, there's still an affection for it.
A good job is more than just a paycheck. A good job fosters independence and discipline, and contributes to the health of the community. A good job is a means to provide for the health and welfare of your family, to own a home, and save for retirement.
Mental health affects every aspect of your life. It's not just this neat little issue you can put into a box.
I find intelligence sexy. I find a sense of humor sexy. I find sensitivity sexy.
People want to hear what I have to say and respect what I say.
I'm a standup comedian who can't drive. I have never learned. I don't trust my hand-eye coordination. You're looking at someone who once dropped a cricket ball on to his own head during a routine catching practice; I don't think it's a great idea to have me in control of a high-speed metal death robot.
There is a measure needing courage to adopt and enforce it, which I believe to be of virtue sufficient to redeem the nation in this its darkest hour: one only; I know of no other to which we may rationally trust for relief from impending dangers without and within.
My hope for this country is that we remain a people who value freedom, who have the courage to face the realities with faithful hearts instead of anxious ones.
War has always been the grand sagacity of every spirit which has grown too inward and too profound; its curative power lies even in the wounds one receives.
Knowing that we can be loved exactly as we are gives us all the best opportunity for growing into the healthiest of people.
There is no glory in war, yet from the blackness of its history, there emerge vivid colours of human character and courage. Those who risked their lives to help their friends.
All I know is that history repeats itself and people are going to want to experience the world. But I know then they are going to have a better appreciation for what is here in Maine.
Social media has taken over in America to such an extreme that to get my own kids to look back a week in their history is a miracle, let alone 100 years.
The idea of old world instruments mixed with sci-fi, futuristic lyrics, playing baroque guitar on a song about a robot boy and a banjo solo on a song about white noise - that's our sense of humor.
Humans have changed ecosystems more rapidly and extensively than in any comparable period of time in human history, largely to meet rapidly growing demands for food, fresh water, timber, fiber and fuel. This has resulted in a substantial and largely irreversible loss in the diversity of life on Earth.
To pursue your dreams, to have them come true, to have made a difference, to have changed society, to have fought against powerful forces... that's a life well-spent.
For my family, belief in God and in the resurrection of Jesus Christ brings such hope and promise to our lives. It strengthens our family and our marriage as we focus on Christ as our example of pure love, compassion and tolerance towards others. This positive message is one that helps us become better people each day.
In hindsight it may even seem inevitable that a socialist society will starve when it runs out of capitalists.
The bottom line is that the human body is complex and subtle, and oversimplifying - as common sense sometimes impels us to do - can be hazardous to your health.
The only reason for time is so that everything doesn't happen at once.
Death is the king of this world: 'Tis his park where he breeds life to feed him. Cries of pain are music for his banquet.
With so many ways to communicate at our disposal, we must not forget the transformative power of a live music experience and genuine human exchange.
If you look to lead, invest at least 40% of your time managing yourself - your ethics, character, principles, purpose, motivation, and conduct. Invest at least 30% managing those with authority over you, and 15% managing your peers.
You have to let fear go. Another lesson is you just have to believe in yourself; you just have to. There's no way around it. No matter how things are stacked against you, you just have to every time.
Life is thickly sown with thorns, and I know no other remedy than to pass quickly through them. The longer we dwell on our misfortunes, the greater is their power to harm us.
I don't think immigrants are that threatening to society at all. They're just happy they've survived some war somewhere.
A strong sense of humor, a really awesome personality, and maturity is also really important in a boyfriend. I tend to only be attracted to older guys for that reason. I just love guys who have a really strong sense of who they are.
Keeping an active mind has been vital to my survival, as has been maintaining a sense of humor.
'Gears Of War' is one of my favourite games that I immersed myself in playing for long time, and Mr. Cliff Bleszinski is one of the greatest game creators that I respect.
Every day that you're on set is a new day to learn something. Every time you're there, there's something new that you'll notice or something that you'll miss, and you think of something new that you can do.
Each time a man stands up for an ideal, or acts to improve the lot of others, or strikes out against injustice, he sends forth a tiny ripple of hope, and crossing each other from a million different centers of energy and daring, those ripples build a current that can sweep down the mightiest walls of oppression and resistance.
I run a dating site, but I will gladly tell someone, 'Do not date someone if it's not right.' And don't settle. This settling thing is insane. I've literally had to force friends out of relationships because they want to be married by a certain age, so they just date these guys that are not right for them.
Global Warming: It is a hoax. It is bad science. It is high-jacking public policy. It is the greatest scam in history.
We are really living the American dream, to be a successful brand in the States and in Europe and to steep ourselves in our heritage. But we do it with a sense of humor. We don't take ourselves too seriously in fashion.
The right of self defense never ceases. It is among the most sacred, and alike necessary to nations and to individuals, and whether the attack be made by Spain herself or by those who abuse her power, its obligation is not the less strong.
Gospel music allows us to become closer to God and closer to each other.
The courage of the poet is to keep ajar the door that leads into madness.
Healing rain is a real touch from God. It could be physical healing or emotional or whatever.
If, through death penalty, we can create fears, though it's against my will, we have to do it.
We live in a very unequal society.
Obviously I had a different sense of humor when I was 13.
The scientific man does not aim at an immediate result. He does not expect that his advanced ideas will be readily taken up. His work is like that of the planter - for the future. His duty is to lay the foundation for those who are to come, and point the way.
Do the one thing you think you cannot do. Fail at it. Try again. Do better the second time. The only people who never tumble are those who never mount the high wire. This is your moment. Own it.
True health infuses positive energy in the mind, body and spirit; it is a main focus in my life.
The wages of sin are death, but by the time taxes are taken out, it's just sort of a tired feeling.
Death is a displaced name for a linguistic predicament.
While I thought that I was learning how to live, I have been learning how to die.
If you don't have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over?
If we are not free, no one will respect us.
You have to do what you need to do as an artist. You have to have that courage.
The companies that survive longest are the one's that work out what they uniquely can give to the world not just growth or money but their excellence, their respect for others, or their ability to make people happy. Some call those things a soul.
The very concept of objective truth is fading out of the world. Lies will pass into history.
I'm enjoying my years, I'm enjoying my life, I'm enjoying my family. I'm just happy - a happy person.
The goal of all life is death.
If I think more about death than some other people, it is probably because I love life more than they do.
When we become a really mature, grown-up, wise society, we will put teachers at the center of the community, where they belong. We don't honor them enough, we don't pay them enough.
Humor is the ability to see three sides to one coin.
I regret those times when I've chosen the dark side. I've wasted enough time not being happy.
Time moves in one direction, memory in another.
Hand in hand with freedom of speech goes the power to be heard, to share in the decisions of government which shape men's lives.
Obesity is a societal issue. We have to come together with government, business, civil society, and NGOs to create solutions for this.
I'd love to do a comedy - something where a character has to use humor to navigate the absurdities of life.
Don't ever criticize yourself. Don't go around all day long thinking, 'I'm unattractive, I'm slow, I'm not as smart as my brother.' God wasn't having a bad day when he made you... If you don't love yourself in the right way, you can't love your neighbour. You can't be as good as you are supposed to be.
My childhood, adolescence and high school days are unusually important. If there has ever been a time that I developed a uniqueness and sense of humor and the ability to organize, it was then. In those early days, I developed the skills that gave me a certain degree of success in American politics.
Lebanon was at one time known as a nation that rose above sectarian hatred; Beirut was known as the Paris of the Middle East. All of that was blown apart by senseless religious wars, financed and exploited in part by those who sought power and wealth. If women had been in charge, would they have been more sensible? It's a theory.
To die, to be really dead, that must be glorious. There are far worse things awaiting man than death.
Quality child care, health insurance coverage, and training make it possible for former welfare recipients to get, and keep, jobs.
Early to bed and early to rise makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise.
Our life dreams the Utopia. Our death achieves the Ideal.
Our individual lives cannot, generally, be works of art unless the social order is also.
A dying man needs to die, as a sleepy man needs to sleep, and there comes a time when it is wrong, as well as useless, to resist.
A man of courage is also full of faith.
Not ignorance, but ignorance of ignorance, is the death of knowledge.
If you believe that feeling bad or worrying long enough will change a past or future event, then you are residing on another planet with a different reality system.
The function of literature, through all its mutations, has been to make us aware of the particularity of selves, and the high authority of the self in its quarrel with its society and its culture. Literature is in that sense subversive.
As much of a privilege as it is to pass, it's painful. You have to compartmentalize your life. That's awkward. Dating can be horrible.
We are one people with one family. We all live in the same house... and through books, through information, we must find a way to say to people that we must lay down the burden of hate. For hate is too heavy a burden to bear.
Some of God's greatest gifts are unanswered prayers.
In just about every area of society, there's nothing more important than ethics.
Respect isn't enough. You've got to have a proprietary interest.
When one is young, aspiring to play for the country, doing well, any hindrance, like injury or being out of form, can be frustrating and a cause of annoyance or even anger. But once you have a close encounter with death, you realise the real value of life.
I have not been that wise. Health I have taken for granted. Love I have demanded, perhaps too much and too often. As for money, I have only realized its true worth when I didn't have it.
If you have ten thousand regulations you destroy all respect for the law.
It's very strange that most people don't care if their knowledge of their family history only goes back three generations.
When I wrote 'The Giver,' it contained no so-called 'bad words.' It was set, after all, in a mythical, futuristic, and Utopian society. Not only was there no poverty, divorce, racism, sexism, pollution, or violence in the world of 'The Giver'; there was also careful attention paid to language: to its fluency, precision, and power.
'Brave New World' dealt with a kind of proto-genetic engineering of the unborn, through really, as many dystopias do, it dealt with totalitarianism. The 1997 film 'Gattaca' updated 'Brave New World,' bringing us to a future where genetic testing determined your job, your wealth, your status in life.
We need business leaders who have a respect for technical issues even if they don't have technical backgrounds. In a lot of U.S. industries, including cars and even computers, many managers don't think of technology as a core competency, and this attitude leads them to farm out technical issues.
The obvious rule of efficiency is you don't want to spend more time organizing than it's worth.
Your most important friendships should be with your own brothers and sisters and with your father and mother. Love your family. Be loyal to them. Have a genuine concern for your brothers and sisters.
If the blood humor is too strong and robust, calm it with balance and harmony.
For children, diversity needs to be real and not merely relegated to learning the names of the usual suspects during Black History Month or enjoying south-of-the-border cuisine on Cinco de Mayo. It means talking to and spending time with kids not like them so that they may discover those kids are in fact just like them.
It is my feeling that Time ripens all things; with Time all things are revealed; Time is the father of truth.
I find that it's best to take one step at a time and cross each bridge as they come to you.
If every senator looks into the mirror and sees a future president, then every president looks into that same mirror and sees himself on Mount Rushmore.
I wanted to represent minorities in the respect of people who had been bullied in school or people who were gay or lesbian or trans or people who aren't blonde haired and blue-eyed. I have short hair, and I am covered in tattoos. I like showing people that it's within their rights to be different.
Women love hairy men. Cavemen were the sexiest men in history.
There's kind of no rhyme or reason to what is appealing to any given actor. It just is, or it isn't. It's kind of like dating. You either connect to someone or you don't. You can't really say why.
You know, nothing is more important than education, because nowhere are our stakes higher; our future depends on the quality of education of our children today.
A national team is a reflection of its country's football, and both Brazil and Argentina have earned respect for what they've achieved.
Death is not the end. There remains the litigation over the estate.
My hope is that light, flexible architecture might bring about a new and open society.
We've organized ourselves as cultures, to a large degree, around what we agree we know. And when you have multiple ways of knowing, multiple ways of organizing, the society loses one of its deepest organizational principles.
Resolution One: I will live for God. Resolution Two: If no one else does, I still will.
I've had my heart broken in a lot of different ways a lot of different times by different people - whether it be a family member, a girlfriend, a friend, just all types of relying on people, making yourself vulnerable to people.
My sense of humor lies a little closer to the middle.
Americans have no sense of history. And not much memory. They don't remember what happened yesterday.
The past always looks better than it was. It's only pleasant because it isn't here.
Thousands of people in my district need health insurance, and ACA is helping them. I'm committed to do everything I can to help people get enrolled and get covered, and that includes moving needed reforms for the bill and helping people find affordable coverage.
I have no idea what a British sensibility or a British sense of humor is. I have no concept of what that is. I have no concept of what American sensibility is. I was born in Great Britain, but I was only there for six months, and we moved to Belgium, where I grew up.
Education is the key to the future: You've heard it a million times, and it's not wrong. Educated people have higher wages and lower unemployment rates, and better-educated countries grow faster and innovate more than other countries. But going to college is not enough. You also have to study the right subjects.
Don't underestimate the cosmetic power of sunglasses. It's worth spending a bit of money on a quality pair. I usually go for Dior or Louis Vuitton.
A human society obeys the dictates of reason and is guided and governed by a respect for justice.
Nobody can see into the future. Nobody knows what going to go on.
People won't have time for you if you are always angry or complaining.
I honestly believe there is nothing more important in a person's life than love and I want to show women how to have fun and get the best out of dating.
Death most resembles a prophet who is without honor in his own land or a poet who is a stranger among his people.
Do not fear death so much but rather the inadequate life.
It is not ignorance but knowledge which is the mother of wonder.
I'm focused on being the best, making history.
Men are happy to be laughed at for their humor, but not for their folly.
I'm not a religious person by any means. But I certainly believe in some kind of a higher power and something looking out for me. I've definitely had angels that have either guided me or helped me through moments in my life, without a doubt.
If you read enough biography and history, you learn how people have dealt successfully or unsuccessfully with similar situations or patterns in the past. It doesn't give you a template of answers, but it does help you refine the questions you have to ask yourself.
To me, 'Scream' is a masterpiece on every level - the performances, the humor, the tone - it's just flawless.
'History Is All You Left Me' is about the loss of your first love and how you move on beyond that and if you can.
We can't just rail against crime. We must speak of the root problems - devastating family breakup, an insidious culture of violence that cheapens human life, skyrocketing prisoner recidivism rates that rob our communities of husbands and fathers - and recognize that there is a societal role in rehabilitation and restoration.
The real 1960s began on the afternoon of November 22, 1963. It came to seem that Kennedy's murder opened some malign trap door in American culture, and the wild bats flapped out.
People always fear change. People feared electricity when it was invented, didn't they? People feared coal, they feared gas-powered engines... There will always be ignorance, and ignorance leads to fear. But with time, people will come to accept their silicon masters.
Any film which views the darker side of life, which is death with a sense of humor, is very much to my taste.
It is the ability to take a joke, not make one, that proves you have a sense of humor.
When I was three years old I was taken with my family to a little town in Western Minnesota, where I lived a more or less vapid and ordinary life until I was ten.
Our deep respect for the land and its harvest is the legacy of generations of farmers who put food on our tables, preserved our landscape, and inspired us with a powerful work ethic.
Personality has power to uplift, power to depress, power to curse, and power to bless.
As top players, we earn a lot of money, but sometimes we pay a hefty price with our health. I would give away all the money to be healthy again, to be able to do my job. To do what I love: to play football.
Male privilege and entitlement are dying a very painful death; no one gives up power without a struggle.
The story of Christian reformation, revival, and renaissance underscores that the darkest hour is often just before the dawn, so we should always be people of hope and prayer, not gloom and defeatism. God the Holy Spirit can turn the situation around in five minutes.
Try a thing you haven't done three times. Once, to get over the fear of doing it. Twice, to learn how to do it. And a third time to figure out whether you like it or not.
I'm not an expert on the Malaysian sense of humor.
I have realized that the past and future are real illusions, that they exist in the present, which is what there is and all there is.
Don't Make Assumptions. Find the courage to ask questions and to express what you really want. Communicate with others as clearly as you can to avoid misunderstandings, sadness and drama. With just this one agreement, you can completely transform your life.
The opposite for courage is not cowardice, it is conformity. Even a dead fish can go with the flow.
It was actually a women's writing group I belonged to in graduate school that gave me the courage to move from poetry to fiction.
We have affirmed the principle that a mature relationship between nations - as between individuals - can only flourish in an atmosphere of mutual respect.
Religion in its humility restores man to his only dignity, the courage to live by grace.
Nobody's angry all the time, unless you're a psycho.
I want to see a connected and progressive future for Australia, where we harness our greatest natural resources: sun, wind, and brain power.
Time flies so quick. I remember my second year in business when Bullocks Wilshire did a whole window of my white dresses. I was so excited, I went there at night and took pictures.
The humor and emotion of the 'Do You Want to Build a Snowman' theme makes me cry every time I watch it, and that deep emotion is something we'd love to do on the show. If we can make you cry, we always try to. And 'Once,' when it's at its best, is emotional and fun.
I've been absolutely terrified every moment of my life - and I've never let it keep me from doing a single thing I wanted to do.
We have seven pillars of development. India has a cutting edge information technology industry. We are setting up a technology park. We would like to see technology penetration iin education. Besides, we would like to see cooperation in industries like fashion, filmmaking, ship-building, education, health and energy.
Forget the past - the future will give you plenty to worry about.
History suggests that capitalism is a necessary condition for political freedom. Clearly it is not a sufficient condition.
Soaring prescription drug costs have placed a tremendous strain on family budgets. They have also imposed a heavy burden on employers - both public and private - who are struggling to provide affordable health insurance coverage to their workers.
I've dated men my age, younger than me and older. The only difference is the young ones are quicker at taking out the garbage.
I think the most important thing in life is self-love, because if you don't have self-love, and respect for everything about your own body, your own soul, your own capsule, then how can you have an authentic relationship with anyone else?
A bachelor's life is no life for a single man.
With compassion you can die for other people, like the mother who can die for her child. You have the courage to say it because you are not afraid of losing anything, because you know that understanding and love is the foundation of happiness. But if you have fear of losing your status, your position, you will not have the courage to do it.
I'm kind of a good girl - and I'm not. I'm a good girl because I really believe in love, integrity, and respect. I'm a bad girl because I like to tease. I know that I have sex appeal in my deck of cards. But I like to get people thinking. That's what the stories in my music do.
I want to say a little something that's long overdue, the disrespect to women has got to be through. To all the mothers and the sisters and the wives and friends, I wanna offer my love and respect till the end.
To investigate the history of man's development, the most important finds are, of course, hominid fossils.
It's now evident that public health is part of national security.
We are constantly protecting the male ego, and it's a disservice to men. If a man has any sensitivity or intelligence, he wants to get the straight scoop from his girlfriend.
The real truth is that the Obama administration is professional at bullying, as we have witnessed with ACORN at work during the presidential campaign. It seems to me they are sending down their bullies to create fist fights among average American citizens who don't want a government-run health care plan forced upon them.
The only purpose for which power can be rightfully exercised over any member of a civilized community, against his will, is to prevent harm to others. His own good, either physical or moral, is not sufficient warrant.
My grandfather was a wealthy and respected merchant in Montclair, New Jersey, where I was born. But his estate was wiped out in the Great Depression, and as a result, I had what I consider the ideal upbringing: We were a proud family, good citizens, and we didn't have a sou.
There are some real memorable highlights in my history that, in my mind, are such milestones. Winning a national championship in college and being on the Olympic platform getting a gold medal. Visiting the Hall of Fame and going into the Hall of Fame.
No, but I've always felt that with true talent, and a commitment to hard work, it is possible to achieve an enduring respect and appreciation. In other words, I don't take my fans for granted.
One doesn't have a sense of humor. It has you.
Man needs difficulties; they are necessary for health.
Millions long for immortality who don't know what to do with themselves on a rainy Sunday afternoon.
The thing about dating someone who listens to a totally different genre than you is they can help you find things to appreciate in that genre.
I believe that the Tibetans should have the right to control their own destinies and decide for themselves whether they want to be part of China or not. But this view isn't shared by most Chinese, or even the leaders of most Western democracies. As long as the Communist Party is in power, there is little hope for Tibet.
Every time I appoint someone to a vacant position, I make a hundred unhappy and one ungrateful.
Certainly my personality, my sense of humor, my outlook on life was informed by the experiences of my parents and the stories they shared with me.
It is not the soul alone that should be healthy; if the mind is healthy in a healthy body, all will be healthy and much better prepared to give God greater service.
The more I live, the more I think that humor is the saving sense.
You know, I'm Australian, and we have got the worst sense of humor. We are cruel to each other.
If you always put limit on everything you do, physical or anything else. It will spread into your work and into your life. There are no limits. There are only plateaus, and you must not stay there, you must go beyond them.
There's not a day goes by that I don't appreciate the freedom that I have to make music and tour and spend time with my family.
When it's your time, it is your time.
Getting an audience is hard. Sustaining an audience is hard. It demands a consistency of thought, of purpose, and of action over a long period of time.
I believe there's an inner power that makes winners or losers. And the winners are the ones who really listen to the truth of their hearts.
Society cares for the individual only so far as he is profitable.
None of us, in our culture of comfort, know how to prepare ourselves for dying, but that's what we should do every day. Every single day, we die a thousand deaths.
After you're dating someone for a few weeks, you often don't become exclusive until you give yourself more time to know what a relationship could be like in the future. You can't get too excited too quickly.
People who work together will win, whether it be against complex football defenses, or the problems of modern society.
If you are the kind of person who is waiting for the 'right' thing to happen, you might wait for a long time. It's like waiting for all the traffic lights to be green for five miles before starting the trip.
Cowards die many times before their deaths; the valiant never taste of death but once.
Every dollar spent on nuclear is one less dollar spent on clean renewable energy and one more dollar spent on making the world a comparatively dirtier and a more dangerous place, because nuclear power and nuclear weapons go hand in hand.
We need to intentionally invest in health, in home ownership, in entrepreneurship, in access to democracy, in economic empowerment. If we don't do these things, we shouldn't be surprised that racial inequality persists because inequalities compound.
Against my will, in the course of my travels, the belief that everything worth knowing was known at Cambridge gradually wore off. In this respect my travels were very useful to me.
Reggae was always playing at home in East Ham when I was growing up. Loud music would be coming from the bedroom, and downstairs all you'd hear was the bass. My uncles had sound systems and we used to go to Jamaica a lot as a family.
I may not be where I want to be, but thank God I am not where I used to be.
My conclusion about Mr. Trump's unsuitability for office is based on his disregard for the precept of treating others with respect, an idea that should transcend politics. Instead, he opts to mock the vulnerable and inflame prejudices by attacking ethnic and religious minorities.
I believe in evolution. But I also believe, when I hike the Grand Canyon and see it at sunset, that the hand of God is there also.
History is not everything, but it is a starting point. History is a clock that people use to tell their political and cultural time of day. It is a compass they use to find themselves on the map of human geography. It tells them where they are but, more importantly, what they must be.
To live happily is an inward power of the soul.
Where civil society is welcomed, communities are more safe, more secure, and more prosperous.
Those whom God wishes to destroy, he first makes mad.
It took the madmen of yesterday for us to be able to act with extreme clarity today. I want to be one of those madmen. We must dare to invent the future.
Finds progress, man's distinctive mark alone, Not God's, and not the beast's; God is, they are, Man partly is, and wholly hopes to be.
I emphasize... that the Harrimans showed great courage and loyalty and confidence in us, because three or four of us were really running the business, the day to day business.
If we have been pleased with life, we should not be displeased with death, since it comes from the hand of the same master.
I'm a vegetarian and very much active in regards to how I feel about animal rights and protecting animals and giving animals a voice. But at the same time, I appreciate and respect other people's decisions to eat meat. The only thing that I hope is that people are educated, that they're aware, that they're living a conscious lifestyle.
Sooner or later, man has always had to decide whether he worships his own power or the power of God.
It is possible to provide security against other ills, but as far as death is concerned, we men live in a city without walls.
Without words, without writing and without books there would be no history, there could be no concept of humanity.
We look forward to the time when the Power of Love will replace the Love of Power. Then will our world know the blessings of peace.
No man deserves to be praised for his goodness, who has it not in his power to be wicked. Goodness without that power is generally nothing more than sloth, or an impotence of will.
I do put a lot of God in my music, but not because I'm super religious. There are a lot of demons in my music, too. I acknowledge both.
If once you forfeit the confidence of your fellow-citizens, you can never regain their respect and esteem.
I do have a close circle of friends and I am very fortunate to have them as friends. I feel very close to them I think friends are everything in life after your family. You come across lots of people all the time but you only make very few friends and you have to be true to them otherwise what's the point in life?
We can continue to try and clean up the gutters all over the world and spend all of our resources looking at just the dirty spots and trying to make them clean. Or we can lift our eyes up and look into the skies and move forward in an evolutionary way.
The Gross National Product measures neither our wit nor our courage, neither our wisdom nor our learning, neither our compassion nor our devotion to our country. It measures everything, in short, except that which makes life worthwhile, and it can tell us everything about America - except whether we are proud to be Americans.
Alas, I think I am becoming a god.
If you set out to be liked, you would be prepared to compromise on anything at any time, and you would achieve nothing.
To himself everyone is immortal; he may know that he is going to die, but he can never know that he is dead.
I am usually a fun-loving person, and I say most of the things in a jest. Sometimes I get in trouble, but over a period of time, I think people now realise that most of the things I say are in jest.
I don't know how many sacred cows there are today. I think there's a little confusion between humor and gross passing for humor. That's kind of regrettable.
My one thing is respect. I don't care about anything else. You should respect everyone around you - the people who work for you, peers. Be classy.
Nothing is more capable of troubling our reason, and consuming our health, than secret notions of jealousy in solitude.
While we cannot predict the future, we will most surely live it. Every action and decision we take - or don't - ripples into the future. For the first time, we have the capability, the technology, and the knowledge to direct those ripples.
At the end of the day, life is about being happy being who you are, and I feel like we are so blessed to have the support system and the best family to really just support each other no matter what we're going through.
In the future, I think it's pretty plausible that collective intelligence tools and skills will be important in order to be a part of global dialog, global business, and global creativity. People who know how to negotiate collective intelligence networks are going to be in a good position to contribute to global society.
You can change your world by changing your words... Remember, death and life are in the power of the tongue.
Cute is when a person's personality shines through their looks. Like in the way they walk, every time you see them you just want to run up and hug them.
Let others lead small lives, but not you. Let others argue over small things, but not you. Let others cry over small hurts, but not you. Let others leave their future in someone else's hands, but not you.
If nothing else, there's comfort in recognising that no matter how much we fail and sin, death will limit our suffering.
Suspicion is the companion of mean souls, and the bane of all good society.
Through consciousness, our minds have the power to change our planet and ourselves. It is time we heed the wisdom of the ancient indigenous people and channel our consciousness and spirit to tend the garden and not destroy it.
Emmys are wonderful and I'm thrilled to death that I have mine. But they're representative of a specific achievement, where this sort of thing is representative of how you've grown in your own industry.
It wasn't that the teachers were bad. From what I can remember, they were pretty good. It was about the selection of books. It was about not seeing my young life reflected back to me: my family dynamics, the noise and complexities of my neighborhood, the things I loved, like ice cream trucks and Kool-Aid.
He who wants to persuade should put his trust not in the right argument, but in the right word. The power of sound has always been greater than the power of sense.
I just find myself happy with the simple things. Appreciating the blessings God gave me.
Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence.
Take care of your life and the Lord will take care of your death.
Listen, you know this: If there's not a rebellious youth culture, there's no culture at all. It's absolutely essential. It is the future. This is what we're supposed to do as a species, is advance ideas.
I have never written that there is a threat of fascism in America. I always considered the idea overwrought. But now I believe there really is such a threat - and it will come draped not in an American flag, but in the name of tolerance and health.
The Neighbours cast is like a second family.
My mother, whom I love dearly, has continually revised my life story within the context of a complicated family history that includes more than the usual share of divorce, step-children, dysfunction, and obfuscation. I've spent most of my adult life attempting to deconstruct that history and separate fact from fiction.
Conflict, of course, comes about because of the misuse of power and the clash of ideals, not to mention the inflammatory activities of unscrupulous and bigoted leaders. But it also arises, tragically, from an inability to understand and from the powerful emotions which, out of misunderstanding, lead to distrust and fear.
Our most basic common link is that we all inhabit this planet. We all breathe the same air. We all cherish our children's future. And we are all mortal.
The deepest need of men is not food and clothing and shelter, important as they are. It is God.
I was not born into a rich family or a family of government officials.
Few will have the greatness to bend history itself; but each of us can work to change a small portion of events, and in the total; of all those acts will be written the history of this generation.
People love to make comedians out to be miserable, dark, twisted people. And I just - I think a lot of people struggle with depression and mental illness and have issues and problems within their family. The mailman has it. Your neighbor has it. It's just that comedians have a microphone.
I have five boys in the family, and it's constant competition, sport, humor, and practical jokes.
There has to be this pioneer, the individual who has the courage, the ambition to overcome the obstacles that always develop when one tries to do something worthwhile, especially when it is new and different.
Love the moment and the energy of that moment will spread beyond all boundaries.
I was perfectly content before I was born, and I think of death as the same state. What I am grateful for is the gift of intelligence, and for life, love, wonder, and laughter. You can't say it wasn't interesting. My lifetime's memories are what I have brought home from the trip.
The time I kill is killing me.
People like Frank Zappa and Bryan Ferry knew we could pick and choose from the history of music, stick things together looking for friction and energy. They were more like playwrights; they invented characters and wrote a life around them.
The President has a wonderful sense of humor, which is one of the reasons it is so much fun to work for him.
I'm a huge fan of Steve Martin. He's hilarious, but he has this depth to him and this way of dealing with the difficult things in life with a sense of humor that I think has helped me as an actress.
Being a singer is a natural gift. It means I'm using to the highest degree possible the gift that God gave me to use. I'm happy with that.
Your personal life, your professional life, and your creative life are all intertwined. I went through a few very difficult years where I felt like a failure. But it was actually really important for me to go through that. Struggle, for me, is the most inspirational thing in the world at the end of the day - as long as you treat it that way.
I've told my children that when I die, to release balloons in the sky to celebrate that I graduated. For me, death is a graduation.
I loved fairy tales when I was a kid. Grimm. The grimmer the better. I loved gruesome gothic tales and, in that respect, I liked Bible stories, because to me they were very gothic.
My message was 'Think African. Make schools read African history.'
Moral courage is higher and a rarer virtue than physical courage.
Tobacco is the only industry that produces products to make huge profits and at the same time damage the health and kill their consumers.
Woman is a ray of God. She is not that earthly beloved: she is creative, not created.
Every teenager deals in his or her own sexuality and has to face it and figure out how it can coincide with the rest of their lives in a healthy manner. And try to navigate it in our modern society, which is wrought with stigma and taboo and repression, and sort of as a result, these inner monsters that some teenagers really struggle with.
There isn't anybody out there who doesn't have a mental health issue, whether it's depression, anxiety, or how to cope with relationships. Having OCD is not an embarrassment anymore - for me. Just know that there is help and your life could be better if you go out and seek the help.
A God Jar is anything you wish it to be, in which you can put your wishes, dreams, problems, prayers. You may want to think of it as a spiritual mailbox.
Someone once told me that if you respect a person, listen to their opinion. And if you do not respect someone, then do not listen to their opinion. And that works both ways.
I don't think it's possible to have a sense of tragedy without having a sense of humor.
Thanks to television, for the first time the young are seeing history made before it is censored by their elders.
China is a very big and complicated country; it's not easy to govern. But with courage and unity, China will certainly overcome all difficulties and continue to develop and move forward.
With time, everything changes, and there is nothing wrong in that.
I'm from the future, I'm from the past, but I'm also from the present, because I'm a gift.
My deepest respect to the clubs who considered having me.
I really only respect the Arab culture. I ain't really trying to pay no attention to, ya know, these little people in political positions and executive positions that ain't Arab culture oriented people because a lot of the times, what are you really showing all of this concern for?
If history repeats itself, and the unexpected always happens, how incapable must Man be of learning from experience.
Never, never and never again shall it be that this beautiful land will again experience the oppression of one by another.
There's no tragedy in life like the death of a child. Things never get back to the way they were.
I used to be neurotic. I didn't like myself very much. But somewhere in my mid-40s, my neuroses stopped seeming so important. I developed a sense of humor.
Medicine sometimes snatches away health, sometimes gives it.
The cool thing is that jazz is really a wonderful example of the great characteristics of Buddhism and great characteristics of the human spirit. Because in jazz we share, we listen to each other, we respect each other, we are creating in the moment. At our best, we're non-judgmental.
All true happiness, pure joy, sweet bounties, and untroubled pleasure lie in knowledge of God and love of God; they cannot exist without them.
Simplicity, clarity, singleness: These are the attributes that give our lives power and vividness and joy as they are also the marks of great art. They seem to be the purpose of God for his whole creation.
I like children; I like 'em, and I respect 'em. Pretty much all the honest truth-telling there is in the world is done by them.
Sure, you can argue one way or the other, and I respect those who think Adani should go ahead. I ask for respect in the other direction.
The problem with the future is that it keeps turning into the present.
There was a time when cowboys respected their horses instead of riding them to death just to show off for a crowd.
Conservatism is the perfect antidote to underdevelopment. Its commitment to individual responsibility, education, hard work, personal initiative, traditional family values and free markets is a universal formula for success in a free society.
I'm just very amused by five-year-old humor.
I am left alone in the wide world. My own dear family I have buried: one in Rangoon, and two in Amherst. What remains for me but to hold myself in readiness to follow the dear departed to that blessed world, 'Where my best friends, my kindred dwell, where God, my Saviour, reigns.'
It's usually drawing on personal experience. I don't think I could dig deep enough trying to get into somebody else's life. Like 'Far From Me' - I wrote it about this waitress that I was dating when I was fifteen or so, and she broke up with me.
I'm a health nut, but when I eat, I go hard. I'm a Buffalo wing magnet, a sandwich fanatic, a cheesesteak guy. But I'll only get a cheesesteak in Philadelphia. No one else does it right.
Never bend your head. Always hold it high. Look the world straight in the eye.
We look to the history of the time of framing and to the intervening history of interpretation. But the ultimate question must be, what do the words of the text mean in our time.
In a way, a lot of my humor comes from presenting things that are dramatic or shocking and then people not having socially appropriate responses, having people denying the drama by failing to react to it, and that's a really classic form of humor.
It's only when you get towards the top that people start throwing you down a rope. It's like a law of nature, and it makes me think a lot about what my responsibility is to folks who are further down the hole where I was - how I can offer them help and how I can try to help change the structure of American society.
They don't make you pay for the humor. It's up and down, but they're trying to give you as many laughs as possible in 2 minutes. They are the most honest comedians ever.
You define yourself by either what your clients want or what you believe they'll need for the future. So: Define yourself by your client, not your competitor.
You can see areas where maybe you got a bit lazy, perhaps, or you see when you were really on form. I think an actor is very like a sportsman in that respect. You have periods where you're in terrific form. Everything you touch seems to work and come right. And other times, when you're working really hard, it's okay, but it isn't scintillating.
The illiterate of the future will not be the person who cannot read. It will be the person who does not know how to learn.
When I was younger, I was kind of fearless. I think it takes more courage to do things when you know more. I was completely naive, and I was like, 'Why can't I do anything I want to do?'
For one, as I've written before, the death penalty is plainly unjust. When the number of wrongful convictions and death penalty cases that are eventually exonerated number in the hundreds, if not thousands, we can not call it a moral system.
A country is more than an economy. We're a civic society.
If God wanted us to be naked, why did he invent sexy lingerie?
I've always had the greatest respect for and listened to both my father and my mother. I've always tried to follow my parents' advice because these are people who want the best for me.
Today we affirm a new commitment to live out our nation's promise through civility, courage, compassion and character.
I hope for all of us that the future brings us towards evolving our consciousness. To delving deeper into our true power. To exploring more the key to sustaining our planet and our art for the better of all living things.
Art owes its origin to Nature herself... this beautiful creation, the world, supplied the first model, while the original teacher was that divine intelligence which has not only made us superior to the other animals, but like God Himself, if I may venture to say it.
It seems to me the Washington Monument is a symbol of America's power. It has been the symbol of our great nation. We look at the symbol and we say 'this is one nation under God.'
There are winners and there are losers. And as much as we would like to help the losers, if we do it in the way that directs the limited capital of the society to support the low-productivity parts of the economy, it means that the rest of the economy - our overall standard of living - will not rise as much as it could.
It is my deepest belief that only by giving our lives do we find life. I am convinced that the truest act of courage, the strongest act of manliness is to sacrifice ourselves for others in a totally non-violent struggle for justice.
We know a great deal more about the causes of physical disease than we do about the causes of physical health.
I don't think the human mind can comprehend the past and the future. They are both just illusions that can manipulate you into thinking theres some kind of change.
The courage in journalism is sticking up for the unpopular, not the popular.
A sense of humor is great - it goes a long, long way in a marriage.
We are a society that has been structured from top to bottom by race. You don't get beyond that by deciding not to talk about it anymore. It will always come back; it will always reassert itself over and over again.
Once a president gets to the White House, the only audience that is left that really matters is history.
I wish we lived in a society that made it safe and provided the courage for everyone to come out.
I feel like God gives you what you deserve. Whatever that time is, you get what you deserve.
I'm way too famous and rich to be on a dating app, but if I get very desperate by the time I'm 60, I'll go on Tinder. Or I'll go on 'Millionaire Matchmaker'; I'll call Patti Stanger.
If compassion is so good for us, why don't we train our health care providers in compassion so that they can do what they're supposed to do, which is to transform suffering?
You cannot fight against the future. Time is on our side.
A leader must have the courage to act against an expert's advice.
Open markets offer the only realistic hope of pulling billions of people in developing countries out of abject poverty, while sustaining prosperity in the industrialized world.
I don't remember 'Doctor Who' not being part of my life, and it became a part of growing up, along with The Beatles, National Health spectacles, and fog. And it runs deep. It's in my DNA.
Life is weird and complex but very simple at the same time. It's all about perception.
People look at my tattoos, and the majority of them are religious images, so people think, 'Oh, he must be very religious'. I respect all religions, but I'm not a deeply religious person. But I try and live life in the right way, respecting other people.
Death is no more than passing from one room into another. But there's a difference for me, you know. Because in that other room I shall be able to see.
Vote: the instrument and symbol of a freeman's power to make a fool of himself and a wreck of his country.
To me, the Seventies were very inspirational and very influential... With my whole persona as Snoop Dogg, as a person, as a rapper. I just love the Seventies style, the way all the players dressed nice, you know, kept their hair looking good, drove sharp cars and they talked real slick.
Every child should have a caring adult in their lives. And that's not always a biological parent or family member. It may be a friend or neighbor. Often times it is a teacher.
My family, although they're very large on both my parents' sides, they don't know much about their family tree. Occasionally, they try to dig, but they can't get very far, and it's baffling. In Dublin, it seems that so many public records were wiped out; it's proven to be very difficult, so I know very little.
I am not afraid of death, I just don't want to be there when it happens.
Great amount of scientific research is there to show that health is better because transcendental meditation deals with consciousness, and consciousness is the basic value of all the physical expressions. The entire creation is the expression of consciousness.
For tis not in mere death that men die most.
Conservative humor is frankly harder than liberal humor. You get points for just being liberal. You can get more points if you make fun of your own side sometimes.
Very few things are totally devoid of any possibility of humor. If you are aware of that possibility and alive to the scene becoming that way, then it just happens naturally. That's what I feel living is like, too. I find a lot of things that make me smile or make me laugh over the course of the day.
Football is like life - it requires perseverance, self-denial, hard work, sacrifice, dedication and respect for authority.
If you're lucky enough to be famous, then it's great if you can use your fame and the power your fame gives you to draw attention to things that really matter.
You don't need to know who I'm dating. You don't need to know what I'm doing. I'm fine with everybody not knowing that.
The winners in life treat their body as if it were a magnificent spacecraft that gives them the finest transportation and endurance for their lives.
Friends are God's apology for relations.
Although... the Chief Magistrate must almost of necessity be chosen by a party and stand pledged to its principles and measures, yet in his official action he should not be the President of a party only, but of the whole people of the United States.
Divorce is probably as painful as death.
People say, 'Just say who you're dating. Then people will stop being so ravenous about it.' It's like, No they won't! They'll ask for specifics.
It's crazy how fast time flies and how things progress.
I would like to say every moment counts for you, so make the time that you spend for your dreams a very special moment, make sure that you do something that you'll be happy with when you go back and look at yourself.
People respond in accordance to how you relate to them. If you approach them on the basis of violence, that's how they'll react. But if you say, 'We want peace, we want stability,' we can then do a lot of things that will contribute towards the progress of our society.
When I left my parents' home when I was 19, I went to the University of Florida, and within 24 hours was in the mental health department. And within 20 minutes, I was being told by the director there that they didn't have what I needed there.
If you want to be a great leader, remember to treat all people with respect at all times. For one, because you never know when you'll need their help. And two, because it's a sign you respect people, which all great leaders do.
Yes, I do agree we need health care reform; however, this bill badly misses the mark. Congress can and must do better for the American people.
I would rather excel in the knowledge of what is excellent, than in the extent of my power and possessions.
Human experience resembles the battered moon that tracks us in cycles of light and darkness, of life and death, now seeking out and now stealing away from the sun that gives it light and symbolizes eternity.
We live in a disposable society. It's easier to throw things out than to fix them. We even give it a name - we call it recycling.
Immense power is acquired by assuring yourself in your secret reveries that you were born to control affairs.
I try to give all my characters a sense of humor, so I guess I feel like I have done comedy, but maybe I'm better known for drama.
I think people are sexy when they have a sense of humor, when they are smart, when they have some sense of style, when they are kind, when they express their own opinions, when they are creative, when they have character.
Each atom of the Holy Spirit is intelligent, and like all other matter has solidity, form, and size, and occupies space.
Mendacity is a system that we live in. Liquor is one way out an death's the other.
The death of a beautiful woman, is unquestionably the most poetical topic in the world.
I am as frustrated with society as a pyromaniac in a petrified forest.
I think the idea of the social construction of beauty - this idea that beauty is simply whatever culture or society says it is - is on the run. Of course, beauty does arise in a cultural context. No one ever denies that. But there's also a natural response people have to it.
Human greatness does not lie in wealth or power, but in character and goodness. People are just people, and all people have faults and shortcomings, but all of us are born with a basic goodness.
I wish that the Indians believed me a god, for upon the report of an enemy's valor oftentimes depends the success of a battle, and false reports have many times done as great things as true courage and resolution.
This is the lesson that history teaches: repetition.
Prejudice is a great time saver. You can form opinions without having to get the facts.
The time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time.
Some people think football is a matter of life and death. I assure you, it's much more serious than that.
I think that the greatest gift God ever gave man is not the gift of sight but the gift of vision. Sight is a function of the eyes, but vision is a function of the heart.
A desire to be in charge of our own lives, a need for control, is born in each of us. It is essential to our mental health, and our success, that we take control.
The monsters I thought about are those that don't fit in - those who think differently from the majority, the people of exception, outsiders. I wish that society would place more importance and value on these kinds of monsters.
When I am singing, I believe that if I respect the public, then they will respect me, and I know it. It's noticeable.
When my husband turned 40, I was obsessed. 'Has he had his medical checkup?' He needed to go to the doctor; he needed to go to the dentist. Any little cough, I was really on him. Then he turned 40, and I thought, 'Maybe that's why I've been so obsessed with his health!'
We all have a responsibility to protect endangered species, both for their sake and for the sake of our own future generations.
If you believe indeed in the Lord Jesus for the salvation of your soul, if you walk uprightly and do not regard iniquity in your heart, if you continue to wait patiently, and believingly upon God; then answers will surely be given to your prayers.
I'm exhausted trying to stay healthy.
The Affordable Care Act was passed in large part because of recognition that our nation's health care system is not working. The act is not perfect, but it is a starting point, and we have been using it to improve the health of Coloradans.
God did not intend the human family to be wafted to heaven on flowery beds of ease.
Courage is the capacity to confront what can be imagined.
It never seems to occur to some people, that, like beauty, a sense of humor may sometimes be fatal.
The whites come to applaud a Negro performer just like the colored do. When you've got the respect of white and colored, you can ease a lot of things.
Everything tends to make us believe that there exists a certain point of the mind at which life and death, the real and the imagined, past and future, the communicable and the incommunicable, high and low, cease to be perceived as contradictions.
The sign of a civilised society is how we treat the most vulnerable and our social care system is not up to scratch.
Alongside energy efficiency, renewables and abatement, I believe safe nuclear power, with manageable waste, can play an important role in reducing greenhouse gas emissions, as long as it is cost competitive with other low carbon generation.
Any time a country transitioned to a fiat currency, they collapsed. That's just world history; you don't have to know about cryptocurrency to know that.
Those who do not remember the past are condemned to repeat it.
World War II ended the Great Depression with one of the great public-private industrial collaborations in the history of man.
I've always been so curious about death. With my personal beliefs as a Baha'i, we believe that birth and death are very similar and that we're here on this Earth to develop all of the things we can't see.
The true mark of professionalism is the ability to respect everyone else for their styles and always find something positive in every dining experience and highlight it in your thoughts and words.
History has shown that a government's redistribution of shrinking wealth, in preference to a private sector's creation of new sources of it, can prove more destructive than even the most deadly enemy.
I was brought up to understand Darwin's theory of evolution. I spent hours and hours in the Natural History Museum in London looking at the descriptions of how different kinds of animals had evolved, looking at the sequence of fossil bones looking gradually more and more and more and more like the modern fossil.
I feel like I'm really blessed and lucky that I have a very good social life outside of the gym, and I have a really amazing family. My parents are so supportive. I have a younger brother and two younger sisters, and they're really awesome. So I feel like I get the best of both worlds.
I have lived pain, and my life can tell: I only deepen the wound of the world when I neglect to give thanks the heavy perfume of wild roses in early July and the song of crickets on summer humid nights and the rivers that run and the stars that rise and the rain that falls and all the good things that a good God gives.
Freedom is the sure possession of those alone who have the courage to defend it.
I am a very active person. I have a lot of energy, and I love to be doing something physical all the time.
I had reasoned this out in my mind, there was one of two things I had a right to, liberty or death; if I could not have one, I would have the other.
I have nice muscle tone in my arms. I can't really take credit for it, though - all the members of my family do. A lot of arm wrestling happened in our family growing up!
The people in New York - their humor is on a level that goes, uh, very deep, you know?
Children need to get a high-quality education, avoid violence and the criminal-justice system, and gain jobs. But they deserve more. We want them to learn not only reading and math but fairness, caring, self-respect, family commitment, and civic duty.
My parents taught me to never give up and to always believe that my future could be whatever I dreamt it to be.
It is so often true that whether a person carries with him an atmosphere of gloom and depression or one of confidence and courage depends on his individual outlook.
On my death bed, I'm not going to say, 'God I wish I did more movies.' I'm perfectly happy I was present for the ones I did.
One and God make a majority.
Know the true value of time; snatch, seize, and enjoy every moment of it. No idleness, no laziness, no procrastination: never put off till tomorrow what you can do today.
I think togetherness is a very important ingredient to family life.
Death is really a great blessing for humanity, without it there could be no real progress. People who lived for ever would not only hamper and discourage the young, but they would themselves lack sufficient stimulus to be creative.
Make hunger thy sauce, as a medicine for health.
God always gives His best to those who leave the choice with him.
The future is green energy, sustainability, renewable energy.
There's a schizoid streak within the family anyway so I dare say that I'm affected by that. The majority of the people in my family have been in some kind of mental institution, as for my brother he doesn't want to leave. He likes it very much.
There's nothing more important than the health of our babies.
There's a great power in words, if you don't hitch too many of them together.
Ludwig Mies van der Rohe
I was the youngest and only girl in a family of two older brothers.
Newspaper people, once celebrated as founts of ribald humor and uncouth fun, have of late lost all their gaiety, and small wonder.
He's a legend and I respect his work, so I went down and paid my respects when Charlton was on the set. He was nice but I think he lied a little. He said it was an honour to be in a movie with me, but I don't believe it.
If a test of civilization be sought, none can be so sure as the condition of that half of society over which the other half has power.
The ideal life is in our blood and never will be still.
Society has to change, but the political powers we have at the moment are not enough to effect this change. The whole democratic system would have to be rethought.
The laws of nature are but the mathematical thoughts of God.
The individual is not accountable to society for his actions in so far as these concern the interests of no person but himself.
Nothing gives a fearful man more courage than another's fear.
In a completely rational society, the best of us would be teachers and the rest of us would have to settle for something else.
The problem of evil, that is to say the reconciling of our failures, even the purely physical ones, with creative goodness and creative power, will always remain one of the most disturbing mysteries of the universe for both our hearts and our minds.
In the field of health care, we are giving people access to insurance who have not had it before.
Like all major transitions in human history, the shift from a linear to a circular economy will be a tumultuous one. It will feature heroes and pioneers, naysayers and obstacles, and moments of victory and doubt. If we persevere, however, we will put our economy back on a path of growth and sustainability.
I'm a big believer in to-do lists. I think of five things in the shower. I set goals and get my work done, but I have to plan for fun things, too. I'm always thinking about what will make my family happier. So I set up playdates and trips.
'Metals' has partly been about me regaining my self respect and I feel like I'm growing the muscles I want to grow again.
Anglo-Saxon civilization has taught the individual to protect his own rights; American civilization will teach him to respect the rights of others.
I'm intrigued by people who make their modest living doing good things for others. Teachers, nonprofit workers, librarians... those are the heroes in our society.
I think we are the first feminist or first attempt at a feminist dating app.
Bilingualism lets you have your cake and eat it. The new language opens the doors to the best jobs in society; the old language allows you to keep your sense of 'who you are.' It preserves your identity. With two languages, you have the best of both worlds.
And I'm not as young as I once was. At my age, I don't have time to be bored.
I have a lot of time and respect for Roy Hodgson; he's a very good manager.
Every man's life is a fairy tale written by God's fingers.
There can be hope only for a society which acts as one big family, not as many separate ones.
Falsehood is cowardice, the truth courage.
For three days after death, hair and fingernails continue to grow but phone calls taper off.
I don't really watch too many movies, but I try to watch inspirational pieces about other musicians. Musical documentaries truly inspire me.
Humor is mankind's greatest blessing.
France, and the whole of Europe have a great culture and an amazing history. Most important thing though is that people there know how to live! In America they've forgotten all about it. I'm afraid that the American culture is a disaster.
Soup is a lot like a family. Each ingredient enhances the others; each batch has its own characteristics; and it needs time to simmer to reach full flavor.
You don't have to compose a masterpiece every time, but I think the challenge of art is always searching for something different, searching for a new sensitivity, a new perspective, a new vision.
Climate change, demographics, water, food, energy, global health, women's empowerment - these issues are all intertwined. We cannot look at one strand in isolation. Instead, we must examine how these strands are woven together.
The Google algorithm was a significant development. I've had thank-you emails from people whose lives have been saved by information on a medical website or who have found the love of their life on a dating website.
Women have to harness their power - its absolutely true. It's just learning not to take the first no. And if you can't go straight ahead, you go around the corner.
Life is about growth and exploration, not achieving a fixed state of balance. You have a very limited time on earth to experience all that you can. Figuring out how to squeeze the most out of your family, work, and spirituality is your life's purpose. Go do it.
Medical professionals, not insurance company bureaucrats, should be making health care decisions.
I have no fear of death. More important, I don't fear life.
Do not brood over your past mistakes and failures as this will only fill your mind with grief, regret and depression. Do not repeat them in the future.
We in the United States should be all the more thankful for the freedom and religious tolerance we enjoy. And we should always remember the lessons learned from the Holocaust, in hopes we stay vigilant against such inhumanity now and in the future.
My wife is Swedish, so I'm familiar with the Scandinavian kind of odd humor. It's very dark and very deadpan.
I'm not too modest of a person. I've got a pretty blue sense of humor.
I would rather die in freedom on my way back home than starve to death here.
What I remember most about junior homecoming was my date getting sick afterwards. That kinda sucked. Then, senior year, someone got gum in her hair when we were dancing. She had to get one of the chaperones to take her to the office and cut up her hair. I felt really bad for her, but it worked out fine.
In practice, socialism didn't work. But socialism could never have worked because it is based on false premises about human psychology and society, and gross ignorance of human economy.
Let us never forget that government is ourselves and not an alien power over us. The ultimate rulers of our democracy are not a President and senators and congressmen and government officials, but the voters of this country.
My passion for gardening may strike some as selfish, or merely an act of resignation in the face of overwhelming problems that beset the world. It is neither. I have found that each garden is just what Voltaire proposed in Candide: a microcosm of a just and beautiful society.
We've let the blade of our innocence dull over time, and it's only in innocence that you find any kind of magic, any kind of courage.
Do your best and leave the rest to God.
I come from a family of four brothers, so I like sports.
If you're that hypersensitive about color and don't have a sense of humor, don't marry out of your race.
Even Gerd Muller, the top scorer in our nation's history, was not perfect.
An able, disinterested, public-spirited press, with trained intelligence to know the right and courage to do it, can preserve that public virtue without which popular government is a sham and a mockery.
Courage enlarges, cowardice diminishes resources. In desperate straits the fears of the timid aggravate the dangers that imperil the brave.
Talent is given by God but you should respect it by doing good work.
Every thought we think is creating our future.
Marches alone won't bring integration when human respect is disintegratin'
Real heroes are those who face death for a principle - say, to save the lives of others - without any promise of reward.
We shall listen, not lecture; learn, not threaten. We will enhance our safety by earning the respect of others and showing respect for them. In short, our foreign policy will rest on the traditional American values of restraint and empathy, not on military might.
In countries other than Pakistan - I won't necessarily call them 'Western' - people support me. This is because people there respect others. They don't do this because I am a Pashtun or a Punjabi, a Pakistani, or an Iranian, they do it because of one's words and character. This is why I am being respected and supported there.
It is a wise man who knows where courage ends and stupidity begins.
Do you really think it is weakness that yields to temptation? I tell you that there are terrible temptations which it requires strength, strength and courage to yield to.
I used to be a classic workaholic, and after seeing how little work and career really mean when you reach the end of your life, I put a new emphasis on things I believe count more. These things include: family, friends, being part of a community, and appreciating the little joys of the average day.
The line between life or death is determined by what we are willing to do.
Is it really selling out if it feeds your family?
Time is generally the best doctor.
Some people strengthen the society just by being the kind of people they are.
There is a power in public opinion in this country - and I thank God for it: for it is the most honest and best of all powers - which will not tolerate an incompetent or unworthy man to hold in his weak or wicked hands the lives and fortunes of his fellow-citizens.
Nothing brings me more happiness than trying to help the most vulnerable people in society. It is a goal and an essential part of my life - a kind of destiny. Whoever is in distress can call on me. I will come running wherever they are.
As a gay Jewish white South African, I belong to quite a lot of minority groups. You constantly have to question who you are, what you are and whether you have the courage to be who you are.
I have this horrible sense of humor where I think discomfort is funny - partly because I experience discomfort a lot, and it's a way of laughing at it and getting a release.
I never feel lonely if I've got a book - they're like old friends. Even if you're not reading them over and over again, you know they are there. And they're part of your history. They sort of tell a story about your journey through life.
Old age is always wakeful; as if, the longer linked with life, the less man has to do with aught that looks like death.
The aim and final end of all music should be none other than the glory of God and the refreshment of the soul.
You can find your way across this country using burger joints the way a navigator uses stars.
I think feminism's a bit misinterpreted. It was about casting off all gender roles. There's nothing wrong with a man holding a door open for a girl. But we sort of threw away all the rules, so everybody's confused. And dating becomes a sloppy, uncomfortable, unpleasant thing.
When I first started dating my husband, I had this weird fascination with the circus and clowns and old carnival things and sideshow freaks and all that. About a month after we started dating, he bought me this amazing black-and-white photo book on the circus in the 1930s, and I started sobbing.
Let us answer the terrorists by living our values with courage.
Life is a perspective and for me, if a human being has access to school, clean water, food, proper health care, that is the basis of human rights.
The day Tarek and I officially started dating, which was October 9, 2006, we moved in together.
Tremendous amounts of talent are lost to our society just because that talent wears a skirt.
As a football player, you must have a big ego to respect yourself. So if you are a good player, you must say that you are good. You need to have the confidence.
I believe every human has a finite number of heartbeats. I don't intend to waste any of mine.
It's easy to blame technology for what we perceive to be a vast disconnect between people. We're so wrapped up in social media, texting, online dating - in many ways, we're addicted to our devices.
But my passion is racing cars. It's what I like to do in my off time.
War is God's way of teaching Americans geography.
You have to respect people for what they do. Just because you don't like it, it's like, I don't like heavy metal too much, but I can still respect it.
One of my earliest memories is walking up a muddy road into the mountains. It was raining. Behind me, my village was burning. When there was school, it was under a tree. Then the United Nations came. They fed me, my family, my community.
If women want to ensure themselves a meaningful place in the future, they need to be among those determining how the technology will be used. They need to be among those deciding whether it will be the great leveler or simply serve to worsen social divisions.
Imagination is not only the uniquely human capacity to envision that which is not, and therefore the fount of all invention and innovation. In its arguably most transformative and revelatory capacity, it is the power to that enables us to empathize with humans whose experiences we have never shared.
Religion is meant to teach us true spiritual human character. It is meant for self-transformation. It is meant to transform anxiety into peace, arrogance into humility, envy into compassion, to awaken the pure soul in man and his love for the Source, which is God.
I really respect versatile actors, so I'd really like to throw myself in the deep end.
America was built on segregation. It's gonna stay segregated until everyone's equal, and that ain't gonna happen when it's a capitalistic society.
Many of the received models of modern architecture and planning owe their ultimate origin to the building code and public health reform movements of the second half of the 19th century.
These men ask for just the same thing, fairness, and fairness only. This, so far as in my power, they, and all others, shall have.
Memories are thoughts that arise. They're not realities. Only when you believe that they are real, then they have the power over you. But when you realize it's just another thought arising about the past, then you can have a spacious relationship with that thought. The thought no longer has you in its grip.
Keep all special thoughts and memories for lifetimes to come. Share these keepsakes with others to inspire hope and build from the past, which can bridge to the future.
We're a Muslim family, but we're also very cultured and we have a mixture of different religions. For example, my brother-in-law is Catholic, and my sister converted and my nephews are baptized. I have an uncle who just graduated and currently he's a priest.
The face you have at age 25 is the face God gave you, but the face you have after 50 is the face you earned.
I'm a true believer in the strength of teamwork, in the power of dreams.
Literature is the expression of a feeling of deprivation, a recourse against a sense of something missing. But the contrary is also true: language is what makes us human. It is a recourse against the meaningless noise and silence of nature and history.
The Egyptians saw the sun and called him Ra, the Sun God. He rode across the sky in his chariot until it was time to sleep. Copernicus and Galileo proved otherwise, and poor Ra lost his divinity.
To act on the belief that we possess the knowledge and the power which enable us to shape the processes of society entirely to our liking, knowledge which in fact we do not possess, is likely to make us do much harm.
I feel angry that I have been born into a society where, by no choice of my own, by no agreement, by no actual decision, I am inherently complicit in the destruction of the world. It is hard to do the right thing. You have to be militant. You have to be an activist. You have to be branded as green to do the right thing.
Religion and science are the two conjugated faces or phases of one and the same complete act of knowledge - the only one which can embrace the past and future of evolution and so contemplate, measure and fulfil them.
The 'means of grace' are such as Bible reading, private prayer, and regularly worshiping God in Church, wherein one hears the Word taught and participates in the Lord's Supper. I lay it down as a simple matter of fact that no one who is careless about such things must ever expect to make much progress in sanctification.
I'm a Larry David fan, right? And it seems to me that Jewish history from the Talmud on has been a self-deprecating, self-critical kind of humor.
You can't do anything to be funny. That's cringeworthy. If your humor comes out of a place of love every time, you don't make the joke bigger than you. The funniest comedians are in touch with their emotional level.
Someone like Bruno Sammartino should never be a jobber on a video game, so and so forth. I think you have to pay respect.
Man does not live by soap alone; and hygiene, or even health, is not much good unless you can take a healthy view of it or, better still, feel a healthy indifference to it.
I spend a lot of time with Buddhists. I'm not a Buddhist, but their relationship with death interests me.
I can say I know Linda McMahon quite well, yet they've only been brief encounters going all the way back to 1985 when I first worked for WWF/WWE. I started in 1984, but I don't recall meeting her until 1985. I can say this much: Linda McMahon has never changed. I think of few women in my lifetime that I respect more than her.
And God said, 'Let there be light' and there was light, but the Electricity Board said He would have to wait until Thursday to be connected.
Take pride in your work at all times. Remember, respect for an umpire is created off the field as well as on.
We want deeper sincerity of motive, a greater courage in speech and earnestness in action.
God made you a masterpiece - be blessed, secure, disciplined and equipped.
Losers live in the past. Winners learn from the past and enjoy working in the present toward the future.
As a surgeon you have to have a controlled arrogance. If it's uncontrolled, you kill people, but you have to be pretty arrogant to saw through a person's chest, take out their heart and believe you can fix it. Then, when you succeed and the patient survives, you pray, because it's only by the grace of God that you get there.
I believe that the future of humans, and the future of Earth, depends on space exploration. That's not a French problem, or a problem for Alabama: it's a planet-wide problem. International cooperation is crucial.
It's just me and my 6-month-old puppy. I am not dating anyone.
The Gospel comes in power and the Holy Spirit, with much assurance. If you call upon the name of the Lord, God will transform you on the inside, give you the shock of your life, and give you everlasting life on top of that.
We know that men are saved by repentance and faith, and whoever does call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved. But salvation is a supernatural work of God that will always produce fruit. And the evidence, not the cause, but the evidence of salvation is a changed life, a changing life.
My father (like most fathers) always taught me that a man is someone who stands by his principles, someone who lives with integrity and puts his family before himself. That last one is important, because as a young boy, it's your pops who provides you with security.
'Can You See' is a beautiful song that follows a story of the star. It's a very inspirational song.
You don't pay for winning like that - whether it's the World Cup, whether it's the Brazilian national team. Paying the price with someone's health or rushing someone's recovery, we don't do that.
Regardless of what society says, we can't go on much longer in the sea of immorality without judgment coming.
Without a family, man, alone in the world, trembles with the cold.
Nine-tenths of the people were created so you would want to be with the other tenth.
Today is the only day. Yesterday is gone.
Cinema is a reflection of its own society.
I thought that in general we in the United States were too optimistic in believing that the Soviets might alter what had been for a long time, as a matter of fact for centuries, fundamental Russian policies in respect to the rest of the world.
If you're a content creator looking to elicit a certain emotion, we can validate that. In cases where an ad is trying to elicit humor, we can tell you if people get the jokes or not by the number of people who smile, the intensity of the smile, and the timing of the smile.
For all of those willing to help me start a family, I am flattered. I will let you know when I need your help.
Communities do need police, but law enforcement needs to be much more transparent and held accountable for their actions. We also need increased resources for mental health services, affordable housing, education, jobs training, and much more to truly address social and economic issues in our communities.
Respect is not ever assigned; it's earned.
I thought 'Moulin Rouge' was inspirational, and 'Jesus Christ Superstar' I loved.
Dating is hard in general, especially in places like L.A. and New York.
Sister is probably the most competitive relationship within the family, but once the sisters are grown, it becomes the strongest relationship.
I believe in God, only I spell it Nature.
Like lots of baby boomers, I was brought up on archaic anthropomorphism. Upstanding Christian dogs. Rabbits with family values. Because the ancient texts and pictures were sacred - Potter, Milne and the rest. Even concerned parents who knew Freud and Jung never saw the contradictions in feeding us on them.
I know what it means to do a job... I worked in a factory. I respect people in the service industry. What irritates me more is when people aren't respectful. There's a lot of nonsense behavior, especially in a place like Hollywood. The money, the power, they create little monsters.
Hormones get no respect. We think of them as the elusive chemicals that make us a bit moody, but these magical little molecules do so much more.
The Supreme Court's only armor is the cloak of public trust; its sole ammunition, the collective hopes of our society.
We are made wise not by the recollection of our past, but by the responsibility for our future.
You know when you're young you think you will always be. As you become more fragile, you reflect and you realize how much comfort can come from the past. Hymns can carry you into the future.
To do what we are doing in this budget to our children, cutting their health care funds, decreasing opportunity, simply so we can pay for tax cuts and a war in Iraq is beyond belief, and we need to reverse it.
Courage in danger is half the battle.
I am as bad as the worst, but, thank God, I am as good as the best.
A statesman wants courage and a statesman wants vision; but believe me, after six months' experience, he wants first, second, third and all the time - patience.
The satirist shoots to kill while the humorist brings his prey back alive and eventually releases him again for another chance.
The right raw materials can... double or triple the protective power of the immune system.
I'm a Christian, and I give the glory to God.
Women live lives of continual apology. They are born and raised to take the blame for other people's behavior. If they are treated without respect, they tell themselves that they have failed to earn respect. If their husbands do not fancy them, it is because they are unattractive.
A man of courage flees forward, in the midst of new things.
A person whose mind is quiet and satisfied in God is in the pathway to health.
The earth is the Lord's. Psalm 24 basically says the earth is God's property. We have been given the privilege and responsibility of living on earth to see it isn't ruined.
I think the sexiest thing on anybody is intelligence. I respect somebody who has a brain and wants to use it more than a pretty face and status.
When we die our money, fame, and honors will be meaningless. We own nothing in this world. Everything we think we own is in reality only being loaned to us until we die. And on our deathbed at the moment of death, no one but God can save our souls.
If you don't have your friends and your family, what do you really have? You can have all the money in the world, but with no friends and no family, it's no good.
There is something about inside information which seems to paralyse a man's reasoning powers.
'Vogue' has the power to make and break - whether it's fashion trends, designers, models, and yes, even industry practices.
As musicians and artists, it's important we have an environment - and I guess when I say environment, I really mean the industry, that really nurtures these gifts. Oftentimes, the machine can overlook the need to take care of the people who produce the sounds that have a lot to do with the health and well-being of society.
As far as dating is concerned, I'm not a casual dating person.
History is dependent on the new generation to write a new chapter.
Some people ask the secret of our long marriage. We take time to go to a restaurant two times a week. A little candlelight, dinner, soft music and dancing. She goes Tuesdays, I go Fridays.
Bankruptcy is about financial death and financial rebirth. Bankruptcy is the great American story rewritten. We're a nation of debtors.
Sport is something that is very inspirational for young people.
I would like to be remembered as a man who had a wonderful time living life, a man who had good friends, fine family - and I don't think I could ask for anything more than that, actually.
The New Order wants to implement democracy in economy. It is an order to achieve a social, political, economic, and cultural society with Pancasila and Belief in God Almighty as our moral values.
There are more sure marks of authenticity in the Bible that in any profane history.
Bob Dole used to be really funny. Barney Frank can be kind of funny. Bob Kerrey has a good sense of humor.
We need to understand that we are not each others' enemies in this country. And it is only the political class that derives its power by creating friction. It is only the media that derives its importance by creating friction... that uses every little thing to create this chasm between people. This is not who we are.
It's a funny old world.
Treat everyone with respect and kindness. Period. No exceptions.
We are time's subjects, and time bids be gone.
Remember that the good angels do what they can to preserve men from sin and obtain God's honor. But they do not lose courage when men fail.
No one can predict the future, but what I do know is that myself and my team work hard every day to make sure that my vision, my sound, and my brand reach their full potential.
We won't have a society if we destroy the environment.
I don't think anybody anywhere can talk about the future of their people or of an organization without talking about education. Whoever controls the education of our children controls our future.
Death is inevitable, but Life - that's the tricky bit where things happen.
The darker the film, the more vital everyone's sense of humor is on set.
I believe no matter who you are, respect yourself, respect others.
Why can't I make up my own characters and paint the people I want to see in the world? I'm depicting the many people who existed in history but whose presence was never documented.
Texas humor and Southern humor are pretty similar.
Every addition to true knowledge is an addition to human power.
People used to respect royalty to an insane extent that doesn't exist nowadays. These people never shouted. They never moved, really. Their effort was minimum. They were the most powerful people, but they were just calm.
I drink coffee in the morning and a few cups throughout the day. Among coffee's health benefits are lower risk of Parkinson's, Type 2 diabetes, heart disease and dementia.
Yes, I'm obsessed with health, which has been an interesting journey. I went down the raw-food diet route, but got ill. It was really hard, especially in Britain in winter, trying to survive on raw carrots. I became so ill and anemic, so I stopped that and became a vitamin junkie. I just ate lots of vegetables, exercised and breathed.
Getting up and having the courage to share with people, all people, and even just being asked to sing, first of all, that's all part of how I express my identity.
My family is from the south of Italy in this little place called Calabria. It's a big part of my family, the Italian culture. I grew up around it. My parents speak Italian, and I speak Italian.
When you have enough power to do what you always wanted to do, then you see what the guy always wanted to do.
To be honest, I'm scared to death of rollercoaster rides.
The past is malleable and flexible, changing as our recollection interprets and re-explains what has happened.
In Japan, mothers insist on achievement and accomplishment as a sign of love and respect. Thus to fail places children in a highly shamed situation.
Time has been transformed, and we have changed; it has advanced and set us in motion; it has unveiled its face, inspiring us with bewilderment and exhilaration.
Human society sustains itself by transforming nature into garbage.
I think that, when you die, you go back to where you came from before you were born. So I don't think death is a bad thing.
Professionalism is not sportsmanship. If you don't succeed, you won't be in your profession for long. In our society, it's not about good or bad. It's about who's on top.
That human behavior is more influenced by things outside of us than inside. The 'situation' is the external environment. The inner environment is genes, moral history, religious training.
I think we live in a world where the most important thing is daily life: sharing a space with your family, making meals, being with your people. It's not only the idea of privacy, it's the beauty of the moment, at a time in the world when everything goes really fast - too fast.
I am not the born; how can there be either birth or death for me?
We all have cultural bias, racial bias. One of the difficult things around this subject matter is to deny that we have places we go to subconsciously, and unless you consciously decide that that's wrong and you've got to do something about it, especially if you're in a position of power, it won't change.
The future is always coming up with surprises for us, and the best way to insulate yourself from these surprises is to diversify.
God gets you to the plate, but once your there your on your own.
We must respect the past, and mistrust the present, if we wish to provide for the safety of the future.
Things can be funny only when we are in fun. When we're 'dead earnest,' humor is the only thing that is dead.
Sometimes a scene may be about one thing, and it may end up still being about that, but the emotionality of it comes from somewhere else, or the humor of it comes from somewhere else, and it gives it that real-life quality.
It is so inspirational, to see that in the world of Westeros, men are answering to women, and they are a force to be reckoned with. It's empowering, and it's inspirational as well, because you're just like, 'This is great!'
Friendship! Mysterious cement of the soul, Sweet'ner of life, and solder of society.
I will never endorse a fairness product because I was not comfortable growing up being the darkest person in my family. Also, I won't endorse alcohol, as I believe that it's not good for health.
The Great Migration changed American history not just for the migrants but for all of us. It made possible American cultural milestones like the Harlem Renaissance, Chicago blues, and Motown, just to name a few.
I didn't have a financial need, and I wasn't very gifted at relationships. I probably was more like what we think of boys as being: hard to pin down and wary of commitment.
We are telling the American people to have patience, courage, resolve and determination.
When my mood was high, I seemed normal, even buoyant. I felt smarter. I had secrets. I could see God in a light bulb.
Everything that gets born dies.
Death is the ugly fact which Nature has to hide, and she hides it well.
When I was first divorced, I started dating younger women, and it was really exciting. But after a while I was like, 'This is just dumb.'
Intersectionality is an analytic sensibility, a way of thinking about identity and its relationship to power. Originally articulated on behalf of black women, the term brought to light the invisibility of many constituents within groups that claim them as members but often fail to represent them.
Omega-3 fatty acids are essential nutrients that we must get from our diets because our bodies cannot make them; they are crucial for early brain development, and there is much evidence that they promote cardiovascular health and cognitive function.
Regret is not a proactive feeling. It is situated in disappointment, sorrow, even remorse. It merely wishes things were different without an act to cause a difference. However, repentance is different. Repentance is an admission of, hatred of, and turning away from sin before God.
I'm not the same person I was. I used to act dumb. It was an act. I am 26 years old, and that act is no longer cute. It is not who I am, nor do I want to be that person for the young girls who looked up to me. I know now that I can make a difference, that I have the power to do that.
A successful society is characterized by a rising living standard for its population, increasing investment in factories and basic infrastructure, and the generation of additional surplus, which is invested in generating new discoveries in science and technology.
Fashion should not be expected to serve in the stead of courage or character.
Thank God I have the seeing eye, that is to say, as I lie in bed I can walk step by step on the fells and rough land seeing every stone and flower and patch of bog and cotton pass where my old legs will never take me again.
If you don't have any fight in you, you might as well be dead.
By taking the time to stop and appreciate who you are and what you've achieved - and perhaps learned through a few mistakes, stumbles and losses - you actually can enhance everything about you. Self-acknowledgment and appreciation are what give you the insights and awareness to move forward toward higher goals and accomplishments.
A poet could write volumes about diners, because they're so beautiful. They're brightly lit, with chrome and booths and Naugahyde and great waitresses. Now, it might not be so great in the health department, but I think diner food is really worth experiencing periodically.
You can't fix yourself out of a mental health issue. You can't wake up and say, 'Today I'm not being depressed!' It's a process to get well, but there is recovery.
You will not tell me that you accept me. You will not tell me that you tolerate me. That is not your power. I take that from you. You will respect me for who I am.
I respect all religions, but I'm not a deeply religious person. But I try and live life in the right way, respecting other people. I wasn't brought up in a religious way, but I believe there's something out there that looks after you.
My life is full of drama, and I don't have time to worry about something as petty as what I look like.
The right of nature... is the liberty each man hath to use his own power, as he will himself, for the preservation of his own nature; that is to say, of his own life.
I couldn't really take a girl from Berlin to live in Leeds. I love it here. I miss the Yorkshire sense of humor and things like bitter and Yorkshire puddings, but I can still get my hands on salt 'n' vinegar crisps.
'Upstream Color' in particular, it's got to infect culture at some level in order to have a life of its own. Then it'll be judged, and it'll either live or it won't by its own merit, and history will decide whether it's relevant however long into the future. I think that's more than enough to hope for.
'Better Than Home,' the song, is about getting out of your hiding place and having the courage to live as loud as possible. It is about feeling the life that has been given and has been waiting for you all along.
All the ills of mankind, all the tragic misfortunes that fill the history books, all the political blunders, all the failures of the great leaders have arisen merely from a lack of skill at dancing.
It is economic power that determines political power, and governments become the political functionaries of economic power.
In the 2000 presidential election, Al Gore got more votes than George W. Bush, but still lost the election. The Supreme Court's ruling in Florida gave Bush that pivotal state, and doomed Gore to lose the Electoral College. That odd scenario - where the candidate with the most votes loses - has happened three times in U.S. history.
Mariah is a beautiful and talented person, and I've had a crush on her for as long as I can remember. Every day, my respect for Mariah continues to grow higher. She's a caring, warm and funny person. People have no idea how funny she is! I feel like I've always known she was my forever love.
Comrade Kim Jong Il, who was faithful to Comrade Kim Il Sung's ideas and cause, led our revolution along the glorious road of victory, braving the severe trials and adversities of history by dint of his unique leadership of the Songun revolution.
The evening news is a concept whose time has come and gone.
I've never met a person who has more integrity than my husband. I respect that. There's his humor and intelligence, too, and he's really cute, all those things - but if you don't respect your partner, you'll get sick of him.
I've said it before, but it's absolutely true: My mother gave me my drive, but my father gave me my dreams. Thanks to him, I could see a future.
Justice must always question itself, just as society can exist only by means of the work it does on itself and on its institutions.
Since the very beginning, Emeril's had a sense of humor about me calling him names and poking fun at him.
The most dangerous creation of any society is the man who has nothing to lose.
Genius is talent set on fire by courage.
If you have a good support system like your family and your friends around you, then you can't go wrong. So just believe in yourself, do you your thing, and stay strong in what you believe in.
The past is an old armchair in the attic, the present an ominous ticking sound, and the future is anybody's guess.
The evidence is pretty strong: if you have access to family planning and birth control, the abortion rate is going to go down.
A pound invested in energy efficiency buys seven times more energy solution than a pound invested in nuclear power.
Men make history and not the other way around. In periods where there is no leadership, society stands still. Progress occurs when courageous, skillful leaders seize the opportunity to change things for the better.
I'm from a big family; I have four younger siblings. My parents are still happily married together. I grew up moving around a lot, and my family was certainly not affluent.
My mom was a teacher - I have the greatest respect for the profession - we need great teachers - not poor or mediocre ones.
I'm very close with my family, so my mom is part of my entourage.
Live in the present moment. The past and future are nonexistent. Only the present can be grasped or, better, embraced.
I believe the future is vegetables and fruits. They are so much more sexier than a piece of chicken.
Humor is a very important thing. It is a natural predilection. It is an emotional release.
You may not like the humor, but that is why every radio has an on-off button.
We've become the party that wants to appease everyone and no one. And I think the only way that the Democrats become viable again is if we have people who have moral clarity and courage to say what they need to say and fight for what they need to fight for.
Courage? Well, that's a difficult quality to define. If a man has never known fear can you call him courageous?
I'm not very good at dating.
Don't wait for the perfect time to start making changes to your life; the time is now.
You are your greatest asset. Put your time, effort and money into training, grooming, and encouraging your greatest asset.
At some point in the future - possibly the very near future - Britain will be hit by a deadly pandemic, and its impact could be utterly devastating.
Unless India stands up to the world, no one will respect us. In this world, fear has no place. Only strength respects strength.
In justice to human society it may perhaps be said of almost all the polities and civil institutions in the world, however imperfect, that they have been founded in and carried on with very considerable wisdom.
People have been predicting the death of philosophy since the 17th century. When I was a student, people were saying, 'We're in the last days of philosophy.' Then we were told in the '60s it would be replaced by sociology, then by literary criticism.
My view of life is colored by humor and looking at the best in any situation.
Since we launched the original 'Pop Idol' in England, I've remained close with Simon Fuller. Working as executive producer on 'American idol' for its first seven years not only was an inspirational journey into the heart of American pop culture, it opened my eyes to the untapped potential of the incredibly dynamic young people in this world.
If we can't begin to agree on fundamentals, such as the elimination of the most abusive forms of child labor, then we really are not ready to march forward into the future.
God puts people in our lives on purpose so we can help them succeed and help them become all He created them to be. Most people will not reach their full potential without somebody else believing in them.
I believe that agriculture land - productive agricultural land with water on site - will be valuable in the future.
I don't remember the first picture I took, but I actually found a picture of myself on a trip back to my old family home in Malaysia. I'm five years old, sitting on the floor with the family camera in my hand. It was a film camera - not a DSLR - with a fixed lens and a nice manual zoom.
More than forty years of Communist rule in Central and Eastern Europe resulted in an unhappy and artificial division of Europe. It is this dark chapter of European history that we now have the opportunity to close.
In dwelling, live close to the ground. In thinking, keep to the simple. In conflict, be fair and generous. In governing, don't try to control. In work, do what you enjoy. In family life, be completely present.
My dad's an artist, and my grandfather paints - he's not a painter; my grandfather's a butcher - but he does a lot of crafts, stained glass, painting, that stuff. There is art in our family, and I was an art major in college along with being a theater major.
All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given us.
Human history is highly nonlinear and unpredictable.
Art is the tree of life. Science is the tree of death.
Your faithfulness makes you trustworthy to God.
I think President Trump is trying to distract the country away from the failures he's had - the inability to get a health care bill that both sides could come together on.
What do we have for veterans? Government-run health care. I understand that. Congressmen and senators... they get five choices of government-run health care. Why should a congressman and senator get anything more than a regular citizen does? Why are they privileged and the rest of us aren't?
For most people, an hour a day playing our favorite games will power up our ability to engage whole-heartedly with difficult challenges, strengthen our relationships with the people we care about most - while still letting us notice when it's time to stop playing in virtual worlds and bring our gamer strengths back to real life.
For years, I was watching other people have so much fun playing out their version of authorship, like Louis C.K. and Larry David. As I watched them do their thing, I began to pine for the days when I had a lot less expected of me and, often, a lot more creative freedom. The courage that those guys have is always captivating to me.
I have an urge to communicate. I think I'm a change from what it would be like dating a normal guy who doesn't talk too much.
You can always find a reason to say no. It's the easiest vote. It's also not exactly a red badge of courage.
That's my only goal. Surround myself with funny people, and make sure everyone has a good time and works hard.
Intellectual property is an important legal and cultural issue. Society as a whole has complex issues to face here: private ownership vs. open source, and so on.
Politicians and leaders who see the media as 'the enemy within' divide society into two clashing cultural camps. Populist demagogues benefit from binary oppositions.
The cross is the centre of all this in every respect.
I wanted to do something inspirational for my children.
I am not interested in power for power's sake, but I'm interested in power that is moral, that is right and that is good.
In America, interracial dating or marriage is not something that is as accepted. Certain people feel strongly against it, in both communities. I felt it from the black community. It is so complicated. I don't want to give it too much energy.
Economy is the basis of society. When the economy is stable, society develops. The ideal economy combines the spiritual and the material, and the best commodities to trade in are sincerity and love.
Society is like a stew. If you don't stir it up every once in a while then a layer of scum floats to the top.
Northeastern folk music influenced me from a very young age. Sachin Dev Burman is one of the inspirational musicians in Indian film music. The way he fused folk music with his signature style is amazing. So, I am aware of the beauty of northeast folk music.
But to me nothing - the negative, the empty - is exceedingly powerful.
Anything that's not positive, I don't have the energy to focus on it. Anything that's not going in the right direction, I don't have the time or the energy.
The argument that gay marriage doesn't affect straight marriages is a ridiculous red herring: Gay marriage affects society and law in dramatic ways. Religious groups will come under direct assault as federal and state governments move to strip them of their non-profit statuses if they refuse to perform gay marriages.
I hate victims who respect their executioners.
The world is governed more by appearance than realities so that it is fully as necessary to seem to know something as to know it.
You can fool some of the people all the time, and those are the ones you want to concentrate on.
Unlimited power corrupts the possessor.
Much may be done in those little shreds and patches of time which every day produces, and which most men throw away.
I would fight for my liberty so long as my strength lasted, and if the time came for me to go, the Lord would let them take me.
If you think aficionados of a living Constitution want to bring you flexibility, think again. You think the death penalty is a good idea? Persuade your fellow citizens to adopt it. You want a right to abortion? Persuade your fellow citizens and enact it. That's flexibility.
I certainly didn't say while writing 'Gossip Girl,' 'Oh this is going to be big!' It was really like, 'Oh god, everyone's gong to hate these people! They're so bratty!' But I actually think what is so appealing about them is the humor in them.
We have that storytelling history in country and bluegrass and old time and folk music, blues - all those things that combine to make up the genre. It was probably storytelling before it was songwriting, as far as country music is concerned. It's fun to be a part of that and tip the hat to that. You know, and keep that tradition alive.
I grew up in a family that was very barbed and difficult, and there was a lot of humor. None of it was painless humor. All of it was at someone else's expense. It was kind of always about power.
The message is that I was reminding myself and informing others of the fact that God has always been good to me. No matter what you're going through, God is always with us. Life is a journey.
The conceptual artist Ai WeiWei illustrates the schizoid society that rapid change has produced - sometimes by reassembling Ming-style furniture into absurd and useless arrangements, or by carefully painting and antiquing a Coca-Cola logo on an ancient Chinese pot.
Wonder Woman is a fighter, better than most, but it's what she fights for that is important. It's her vision of a future of peace and acceptance that makes her the right ambassador for everyone.
I give dating advice on a regular basis. It's not that I'm any expert, but it's always nice to share that with your friends.
Pop music has greater power to change people and to affect people because it's a universal language. You don't have to understand music to understand the power of a pop song.
History will judge me... I shall remain silent.
You'll never catch a man if you let him think you are too smart.
There is a collective as well as an individual humor inclining peoples to sadness or cheerfulness, making them see things in bright or somber lights. In fact, only society can pass a collective opinion on the value of human life; for this the individual is incompetent.
I appreciate humor so much, but I'm actually not a funny girl.
People always talk about how time flies; it's become sort of a colloquialism now. You don't really understand it until you reach your late 30s and early 40s - and I'm sure time will move even faster as I get older.
I was born into the most amazing family an underdog could be born into, and I was born into the LGBTQ community. And what a beautiful community we are. The art, the music, the fashion, the brains, the fight, the survival skills, the diversity, male, female, non-binary, Gender Non Conforming, cis, trans, femme, and all races.
There has to be a balance between power and vulnerability. That's something I feel I have in my own life, something I struggle with and - on a good day - like about myself.
Respect is one of life's greatest treasures. I mean, what does it all add up to if you don't have that?
It was just that we had this phenomenal honeymoon relationship that just kept on going.
Future's not everybody. The people who are taking my style are like my babies. I've got a tribe of kids that want to be like me... But I understand why people want to imitate the things I do. They're dope. It comes naturally to me. My fans can expect greatness. If I wasn't me, I would want to be me.
Part of me loves to control and to exert power, but it's not the best part of me at all. What I am slowly learning is that allowing others to have power too makes us a better organisation - many brains are simply better than one.
I consider myself to have a decent sense of humor. What's life without a sense of humor?
Unfortunately, unless we're focused on building up our courage, which gives us our self-confidence and all that we need to make quantum change in our lives, the voice of fear will always take the lead inside our minds.
Climate change is the greatest threat to humanity, perhaps ever. Global temperatures are rising at an unprecedented rate, causing drought and forest fires and impacting human health.
Family and friends and faith are the most important things in your life and you should be building friendships.
In the great battle of Antietam, still the bloodiest day in American history, Union forces were led by Gen. George McClellan, an incredibly cautious man.
As fandom grew more variegated, genzines reflected a broadening of interests, carrying personal columns of humor and reflection, science articles, amateur fiction, stylish gossip, and inevitably, thoughtful pieces on the future of fandom.
If I ever had to choose between having a good mind and good health with having big success, then there's no contest: I'd put my health first every time.
If someone chooses a vocational route, why do they not get the same respect in society as someone who just does a pure academic route?
I don't fight for the money. I fight for my legacy. I fight for history. I fight for my people.
It took me quite a long time to develop a voice, and now that I have it, I am not going to be silent.
Let no man imagine that he has no influence. Whoever he may be, and wherever he may be placed, the man who thinks becomes a light and a power.
I had bad anxiety and bad depression. That's like the worst thing you could have. You think too much about the past, you get depression. You think too much about the future, you get anxiety.
Tonight we send a message to our party that here in Illinois, there will be a new generation of Republican leaders and we will fight to provide a better tomorrow for future generations. We've made clear the status quo is no longer acceptable.
Science is imagination in the service of the verifiable truth, and that service is indeed communal. It cannot be rigidly planned. Rather, it requires freedom and courage and the plural contributions of many different kinds of people who must maintain their individuality while giving to the group.
It doesn't matter whether the challenge we face is large or small, whether it's a statewide disaster or a crisis just on our own block - Nebraskans face it with courage, goodwill, and the unwavering conviction that we are part of one community of neighbors and friends.
Never lose sight of the fact that the most important yardstick of your success will be how you treat other people - your family, friends, and coworkers, and even strangers you meet along the way.
Happiness lies first of all in health.
I have a huge amount of respect for all Japanese designers because I think there is consistency and respect to craft.
When I'm, like, 30, I want to go off the map, have a family and live in Malibu with a farm, and just raise my own chickens.
Society honors its living conformists and its dead troublemakers.
Humor is always based on a modicum of truth. Have you ever heard a joke about a father-in-law?
People are stubborn about what they perceive to be the right thing or the wrong thing, and it takes a long time to filter this human condition. There's a waiting period until people catch up. But if you have patience - which it takes when someone thinks differently from you - everybody always catches up. That patience is a wonderful virtue.
I have seen such an immense change from the total repression and criminality of homosexuality in my lifetime. It does make me much more buoyant and optimistic about the future. If that change can occur in that time there's hope for many other changes.
We must have courage to bet on our ideas, to take the calculated risk, and to act. Everyday living requires courage if life is to be effective and bring happiness.
I can stand here today, look you in the face, and say I'm proud of the efforts of 'ABC News.' I respect 'ABC News.' And I believe they work very hard to present news in an extremely fair way.
If you stay true to yourself and true to your vision and your own values, you can power through and make an impact on modern life.
Many people die with their music still in them. Why is this so? Too often it is because they are always getting ready to live. Before they know it, time runs out.
God has two dwellings; one in heaven, and the other in a meek and thankful heart.
It is only in sorrow bad weather masters us; in joy we face the storm and defy it.
In the mean time I worship God, laying every wrong action under an interdict which I endeavour to respect, and I loathe the wicked without doing them any injury.
The fabric of North Carolina and what makes our state so special is our families and our common desire for a brighter future for our children. No matter what your family looks like, we all want the same thing for our families - happiness, health, prosperity, a bright future for our children and grandchildren.
Kindness and a generous spirit go a long way. And a sense of humor. It's like medicine - very healing.
Hatred is corrosive of a person's wisdom and conscience; the mentality of enmity can poison a nation's spirit, instigate brutal life and death struggles, destroy a society's tolerance and humanity, and block a nation's progress to freedom and democracy.
Nike is like a member of the family. Undoubtedly some of that stuff is in my DNA.
Death is the veil which those who live call life; They sleep, and it is lifted.
All over the world, social innovation is tackling some of the most pressing problems facing society today - from fair trade, distance learning, hospices, urban farming and waste reduction to restorative justice and zero-carbon housing. But most of these are growing despite, not because of, help from governments.
Power is dangerous unless you have humility.
Our language, history, and civilization shine out across every continent.
Sir, I am no sycophant or worshipper of power anywhere.
I learned so much in Zimbabwe, in particular about the need for humility in our ambition to extend mental health care in countries where there were very few psychiatrists and where the local culture harboured very different views about mental illness and healing. These experiences have profoundly influenced my thinking.
Most of the things worth doing in the world had been declared impossible before they were done.
I always wanted my music to influence the life you were living emotionally - with your family, your lover, your wife, and, at a certain point, with your children.
If you're a sports fan you realize that when you meet somebody, like a girlfriend, they kind of have to root for your team. They don't have a choice.
When a child is born, it's born with a heart of gold, but the way of this world can turn that heart cold. I'm still a good person, and I thank God for that - He's working with me on it.
It's better to waste money, than it is to waste time. You can always get more money.
A mode of conduct, a standard of courage, discipline, fortitude and integrity can do a great deal to make a woman beautiful.
Sometimes God will deliver you from the fire, and other times God will make you fireproof.
And remember, where you have a concentration of power in a few hands, all too frequently men with the mentality of gangsters get control. History has proven that.
Climate change does not respect border; it does not respect who you are - rich and poor, small and big. Therefore, this is what we call 'global challenges,' which require global solidarity.
What one writer can make in the solitude of one room is something no power can easily destroy.
Justice is the most important thing. In a plural society like Malaysia, you cannot have two laws - one law for the Muslim, one law for the non-Muslim.
I want women to have more access to quality care, and the access to healthcare for women is not through Planned Parenthood; it is through community health centers across the state.
In prehistoric times, mankind often had only two choices in crisis situations: fight or flee. In modern times, humor offers us a third alternative; fight, flee - or laugh.
Service is the rent we pay for being. It is the very purpose of life, and not something you do in your spare time.
Education is the passport to the future, for tomorrow belongs to those who prepare for it today.
In an age of never-ending health fads, it's comforting to learn that one of the healthiest activities you can do has existed for millennia. It's called reading. Yes, books are not just entertaining or educational: they can also improve your mental health.
It really is an honor if I can be inspirational to a younger singer or person. It means I've done my job.
God helps those who help themselves.
Your ego can become an obstacle to your work. If you start believing in your greatness, it is the death of your creativity.
History is a guide to navigation in perilous times. History is who we are and why we are the way we are.
In an open society, no idea can be above scrutiny, just as no people should be beneath dignity.
Personally, I would be delighted if there were a life after death, especially if it permitted me to continue to learn about this world and others, if it gave me a chance to discover how history turns out.
We are all of us resigned to death: it's life we aren't resigned to.
The Son of God took our nature, and in it took upon himself to teach us by both word and example even to the point of death, thus binding us to himself through love.
Rest is key. I need to get the right rest time and family time to stay refreshed. My downtime is for family activity. That's all about there is. I never switch off. Running my day-to-day golf business is a fairly busy one. There's a lot of moving parts and I'm trying to simplify it and make it easier.
I find myself evil. I believe in the devil as much as God. You can use either one to get things done.
Zumba is world-wide, respected and it's about health. It's something that you really didn't expect from me. People have been blown away to find out that Zumba and I have partnered up.
Too many people are thinking of security instead of opportunity. They seem more afraid of life than death.
Respect for the fragility and importance of an individual life is still the mark of an educated man.
Richard Nixon is a no good, lying bastard. He can lie out of both sides of his mouth at the same time, and if he ever caught himself telling the truth, he'd lie just to keep his hand in.
A fascist is one whose lust for money or power is combined with such an intensity of intolerance toward those of other races, parties, classes, religions, cultures, regions or nations as to make him ruthless in his use of deceit or violence to attain his ends.
Religion is the everlasting dialogue between humanity and God. Art is its soliloquy.
We want the world our children inherit to be defined by the values enshrined in the U.N. Charter: peace, justice, respect, human rights, tolerance, and solidarity.
There are periods in history when change is necessary, and other periods when it is better to keep everything for the time as it is. The art of life is to be in the rhythm of your age.
I'm not so much in the future as always in the present. The future always takes care of itself. What I do now with my video camera, it can only record what is happening now. I am celebrating reality and the essence of the moment. And that's the greatest challenge that I have.
There are so many things to think about when you make an album. Like, who am I trying to impress? Am I going to get respect, critical acclaim? Or am I going to sell lots of records?
Every society needs people who can encourage and stimulate and cheer. They are the ones who make the world run. You can be one of them!
A woman can plan when to have her family and how to support a family.
Paul persuaded me to join the band. I would never have had the courage otherwise. It was fun at the beginning. We were playing just for fun, with Paul's group.
We all respect sincerity in our friends and acquaintances, but Hollywood is willing to pay for it.
We weren't the Temptations, but when we came out onstage, the people always gave us a special respect because our songs were of an inspirational quality.
Faith is about trusting God when you have unanswered questions.
Drones watch for disease and collect real-time data on crop health and yields.
God's truth judges created things out of love, and Satan's truth judges them out of envy and hatred.
Happiness, contentment, the health and growth of the soul, depend, as men have proved over and over again, upon some simple issue, some single turning of the soul.
Suburbia is where the developer bulldozes out the trees, then names the streets after them.
We have to talk about liberating minds as well as liberating society.
The hacker community may be small, but it possesses the skills that are driving the global economies of the future.
The time is right for electric cars - in fact the time is critical.
The life of a play begins and ends in the moment of performance. This is where author, actors, and directors express all they have to say. If the event has a future, this can only lie in the memories of those who were present and who retained a trace in their hearts.
Society needs to condemn a little more and understand a little less.
Noble deeds that are concealed are most esteemed.
Simulated disorder postulates perfect discipline; simulated fear postulates courage; simulated weakness postulates strength.
Boys used to call me Soda in school days. Soda means 'serving officers daughters association.' I miss those days when I had a very protected life: one could get close and bond with other army people that they gradually would become your extended family.
One faces the future with one's past.
The jealous are possessed by a mad devil and a dull spirit at the same time.
Yeah, it's kind of tongue-in-cheek. You know, Five Finger Death Punch doing 'Mama Said Knock You Out.' It was just really funny for us.
To be successful in anything, you have to have a passion for it, and that leads to being enthusiastic and demanding. I didn't have it for history. So I wouldn't have been a good teacher in that area. But I had it for basketball. And that's what coaching is at every level: it's about teaching.
Our children's health and well-being are dependent on our commitment to promoting food access and good eating habits at home, at school and in the community.
Pakistan will never be able to match the Indian militarily, and the effort to do so is taking an immense toll on the society.
It may not be the most popular but there is a place for it. I think about the kind of music I love, acoustic, melodic, and I guess it kind of took a bit of courage on my part to think I could be one of those songwriters.
The future is to heal back to the mind again. Recognizing that the mind is all powerful - it controls every cell to every degree of its genetic expression.
There's nothing glorious about war. There's nothing glorious about holding your friends in your arms and watching them die. There's nothing glorious about having to leave your home for 6 to 8 months while your family's back here and you're away.
One of the things that hold together a human society is the existence of basic politeness among its members.
'Ebony' is very inspirational and aspirational to its readers.
There's no need to look too far into the future or the past. Enjoy the moment.
What are kings, when regiment is gone, but perfect shadows in a sunshine day?
I guess at the end of the day, all women like to be appreciated and treated with respect and kindness.
You absorb 2,000 years of history just by being near the Thames.
In science, 'fact' can only mean 'confirmed to such a degree that it would be perverse to withhold provisional assent.' I suppose that apples might start to rise tomorrow, but the possibility does not merit equal time in physics classrooms.
On every front there are clear answers out there that can make this country stronger, but we're going to break through the fear and the frustration people are feeling. Our job is to make sure that even as we make progress, that we are also giving people a sense of hope and vision for the future.
The prospect of dating someone in her twenties becomes less appealing as you get older. At some point in your life, your tolerance level goes down and you realize that, with someone much younger, there's nothing really to talk about.
Rest is not idleness, and to lie sometimes on the grass under trees on a summer's day, listening to the murmur of the water, or watching the clouds float across the sky, is by no means a waste of time.
I can honestly say I am a Christian, but my spirituality has been developed on the road and is based on my experiences with God.
We have a powerful potential in out youth, and we must have the courage to change old ideas and practices so that we may direct their power toward good ends.
My family was Jehovah's Witnesses, which is a really tough religion. It kind of deterred me from religion for a long time. They still practice, but I don't. But I always remained spiritual, and had a belief that there is a God. I'm trying to find my way, you know?
In the long course of history, having people who understand your thought is much greater security than another submarine.
You change your life by changing your heart.
I often wonder if I should adopt a cause to call my own or start tweeting inspirational messages. And when tragedy strikes and the world takes to social media, is it now my responsibility to respond with #RIPs and #prayfors?
Effective public-private partnerships will help drive the development of new products to meet the particular health needs of the poor and other vulnerable populations.
I think every girl needs to love herself, regardless of anything. Like if you're having a bad day, if you don't like your hair, if you don't have the best family situation, whatever, you have to love yourself and you can't do anything until you love yourself first.
Every crisis offers you extra desired power.
My wife is the boss at home, and my daughters are the bosses. I am just the worker. We are a very warm family and very happy.
If you will read again what is written, you will see how it was.
Health to the ocean means health for us.
When cattle ranchers clear rain forests to raise beef to sell to fast-food chains that make hamburgers to sell to Americans, who have the highest rate of heart disease in the world (and spend the most money per GNP on health care), we can say easily that business is no longer developing the world. We have become its predator.
You can't keep changing men, so you settle for changing your lipstick.
My relationship to power and authority is that I'm all for it. People need somebody to watch over them. Ninety-five percent of the people in the world need to be told what to do and how to behave.
It is only necessary to have courage, for strength without self-confidence is useless.
It is my goal to love everyone. I hate no one. Regardless of their race, religion, their proclivities, the desire of their heart and how they want to live their life and the decisions that they make. I can even respect people's decisions and lifestyle choices just as I hope they have the courtesy to respect my decisions and my choices.
I am trying to make art that relates to the deepest and most mythic concerns of human kind and I believe that, at this moment of history, feminism is humanism.
The future belongs to those who prepare for it today.
Nothing is worth more than this day.
I visited Jobs for the last time in his Palo Alto, Calif., home. He had moved to a downstairs bedroom because he was too weak to go up and down stairs. He was curled up in some pain, but his mind was still sharp and his humor vibrant.
It is foolish and wrong to mourn the men who died. Rather we should thank God that such men lived.
Every day we have plenty of opportunities to get angry, stressed or offended. But what you're doing when you indulge these negative emotions is giving something outside yourself power over your happiness. You can choose to not let little things upset you.
If God did not exist, it would be necessary to invent Him.
Although humor is present in every one of my films, it has always been used as a way to make the darker, heavier stuff in my stories more palatable. I never set out to make 'Humpday' a comedy.
Capital is reckless of the health or length of life of the laborer, unless under compulsion from society.
Become an internationalist and learn to respect all life. Make war on machines. And in particular the sterile machines of corporate death and the robots that guard them.
I'm not ready to get married, but I have a pretty great family and I'd like that too, someday.
I'm very pleased to be part of the XCOR team and look forward to working with friends and colleagues on many of the exciting development efforts at XCOR, including the family of Lynx vehicles.
Fantasy has a dark side to it. It also has a light hemisphere - the power of the human imagination to keep going, to imagine a better tomorrow.
Hip-hop reflects the truth, and the problem is that hip-hop exposes a lot of the negative truth that society tries to conceal. It's a platform where we could offer information, but it's also an escape.
Often the difference between a successful person and a failure is not one has better abilities or ideas, but the courage that one has to bet on one's ideas, to take a calculated risk - and to act.
America has a critical role to play as the most powerful member of the world community.
Countless as the sands of the sea are human passions.
The effects of unresolved trauma can be devastating. It can affect our habits and outlook on life, leading to addictions and poor decision-making. It can take a toll on our family life and interpersonal relationships. It can trigger real physical pain, symptoms, and disease. And it can lead to a range of self-destructive behaviors.
I grew up upper-class. Private school. My dad had a Jaguar. We're African-American, and we work together as a family, so people assume we're like the Jacksons. But I didn't have parents using me to get out of a bad situation.
In these times you have to be an optimist to open your eyes when you awake in the morning.
I think the end goal, hopefully, is to take advantage of the attention I've gotten along the way and use it for good and build some communities, and as I get older I can continue to do things and be surrounded by things that are inspirational to me.
I thank you God for this most amazing day, for the leaping greenly spirits of trees, and for the blue dream of sky and for everything which is natural, which is infinite, which is yes.
My first job with a network was 'General Hospital,' and that was ABC. I feel like I have so much history with them, that they treat their shows well and they have good, discerning taste.
The Cold War, Bosnia and Ukraine remind us that peace is fragile. Iraq and Syria remind us that no society or culture is immune from conflict.
I set my sights upon becoming the kind of artist who would make a contribution to art history.
Someone once told me the one thread that runs through them all is a premium on personal courage - not intellectual courage, but just plain physical courage.
If we are to survive, we must have ideas, vision, and courage. These things are rarely produced by committees. Everything that matters in our intellectual and moral life begins with an individual confronting his own mind and conscience in a room by himself.
Nothing is more sad than the death of an illusion.
Health is a precious gift. You realise more and more as you get older just how precious a gift it is.
I've done a lot of albums and I kinda know when I'm onto something that was inspirational for me to record and create, and this was one of those projects where I really enjoyed making the album.
The test of our progress is not whether we add more to the abundance of those who have much it is whether we provide enough for those who have little.
Conservatism discards Prescription, shrinks from Principle, disavows Progress; having rejected all respect for antiquity, it offers no redress for the present, and makes no preparation for the future.
The New Zealand sense of humor is tough and realistic. Jokes are not surreal; they are about life and death and tough decisions.
I just think that if we are going to call ourselves pro-life, we must also agree that starvation and poverty and disease and immigration and health care for all and war and peace and the environment are also pro-life issues.
There is no force so powerful as an idea whose time has come.
The secret source of humor is not joy but sorrow; there is no humor in Heaven.
God sleeps in the minerals, awakens in plants, walks in animals, and thinks in man.
I've always seen the Olympics as a place where you could act out your differences on the athletic field with a sense of sportsmanship and fairness and mutual respect.
Do your little bit of good where you are; it's those little bits of good put together that overwhelm the world.
In truth, I have done nothing alone. God has called me and has been my pilot. The Holy Spirit has been my comforter, my guide, and my power source.
Even families with health insurance are quite vulnerable to a severe economic reversal if someone gets sick.
The health of the people is really the foundation upon which all their happiness and all their powers as a state depend.
Whether a player has played one match or a hundred, we should give him respect for what he has achieved and leave it at that.
I'm always interested in looking forward toward the future. Carving out new ways of looking at things.
A high culture is the self-consciousness of a society. It contains the works of art, literature, scholarship and philosophy that establish a shared frame of reference among educated people.
I'm a humor writer, so I don't always present myself in the best light.
I learned that we can do anything, but we can't do everything... at least not at the same time. So think of your priorities not in terms of what activities you do, but when you do them. Timing is everything.
I respect anybody that is very in tune with their feelings.
Nothing else matters so much as long as you can come home and be with your family.
Anybody can become angry - that is easy, but to be angry with the right person and to the right degree and at the right time and for the right purpose, and in the right way - that is not within everybody's power and is not easy.
Technology and social media have brought power back to the people.
Love is the driver for all great stories: not just romantic love, but the love of parent for child, for family, for country.
I am not interested in the past, except as the road to the future.
Generally speaking, historically in this country, the care of a child has been thought of as female business.
Government is force, pure and simple. There's no way to sugar-coat that. And because government is force, it will attract the worst elements of society - people who want to use government to avoid having to earn their living and to avoid having to persuade others to accept their ideas voluntarily.
Beautiful is difficult. I admire very much the courage of the people who have said, 'Let's do something different. Let's try to see if our environment will be more beautiful and our city will be more beautiful.'
I like humor: the sort of gentle humor that points out human foibles.
If the civil society is not transparent, honest, and accountable, then you cannot be a champion of social justice.
In the early 1940s, as a young teenager, I was utterly appalled by the racist and jingoist hysteria of the anti-Japanese propaganda. The Germans were evil, but treated with some respect: They were, after all, blond Aryan types, just like our imaginary self-image. Japanese were mere vermin, to be crushed like ants.
The idea that there is one kind of African is, of course, ridiculous. Sometimes African entrepreneurs want to kill you because you are saying public health is the priority, not roads. Of course they are right to press for that issue, but so are we right, I believe, to argue, for example, that millions of children could and should be vaccinated.
It takes all kinds to make the world go 'round. If everyone was straight-laced and uptight, it would sure be a drag. We need a little tug of war in society.
If you say, I'm for equal pay, that's a reform. But if you say. I'm a feminist, that's a transformation of society.
I wish to be a martyr, and I don't fear death.
Obsession with conventional ideas of 'success' can be harmful enough, but compound that stress with relationships, family, financial woes and health concerns, and you find yourself in a constant state of fight or flight. This causes people to be more reactionary, which further perpetuates the cycle of stress.
God never gives someone a gift they are not capable of receiving. If he gives us the gift of Christmas, it is because we all have the ability to understand and receive it.
My favorite time of day is to get up and eat leftovers from dinner, especially spicy food.
Kissing someone is pretty intimate, actually very intimate, and your heart always kind of skips a beat before you do that.
I can't help but believe that at some time in the not-too-distant future, there is going to be another movement to change these systemic conditions of poverty, injustice, and violence in people's lives. That is where we've got to go, and it is going to be a struggle.
I don't really look toward the future. I only look at the present.
In Goddess religion death is not feared, but is understood to be a part of life, followed by birth and renewal.
Judge me if you want to. And as a matter of fact, it won't even count, 'cause the only person who can judge is God.
We used to root for the Indians against the cavalry, because we didn't think it was fair in the history books that when the cavalry won it was a great victory, and when the Indians won it was a massacre.
I love the sounds and the power of pounding water, whether it is the waves or a waterfall.
I think empathy is romantic. I think humor is romantic. Kindness is romantic. I think those kind of gestures of caring and love are romantic.
Courage and willingness to just go for it, whether it is a conversation or a spontaneous trip or trying new things that are scary - it is a really attractive quality.
Brand is not a product, that's for sure; it's not one item. It's an idea, it's a theory, it's a meaning, it's how you carry yourself. It's aspirational, it's inspirational.
Power has only one duty - to secure the social welfare of the People.
It seems to me we can never give up longing and wishing while we are thoroughly alive. There are certain things we feel to be beautiful and good, and we must hunger after them.
I'm so grateful to be part of the Sundance family.
The universe is a symphony of strings, and the mind of God that Einstein eloquently wrote about for thirty years would be cosmic music resonating through eleven-dimensional hyper space.
High levels of economic inequality lead to imbalances in political power, as those at the top use their economic weight to shape our politics in ways that give them more economic power.
The Iraq War was the first conflict in western history in which an imperialist war was massively protested against before it had even been launched.
When I say, 'I stand for equal rights,' I mean equal rights for all persons... from the moment of conception until natural death. I mean that I believe in the equal human dignity of all persons, no matter the 'contribution' they make to society.
I have been lucky enough to work with people who inspire me, who I admire and respect, and who have made films - before working with me - that I continually return to over the years because they are so good.
But the power of instruction is seldom of much efficacy, except in those happy dispositions where it is almost superfluous.
God has always opened up doors at the right time. He's closed doors at the right time.
Is there a doctor in the house? My parents want me to marry you.
I offer neither pay, nor quarters, nor food; I offer only hunger, thirst, forced marches, battles and death. Let him who loves his country with his heart, and not merely with his lips, follow me.
Love has no age, no limit; and no death.
What were once only hopes for the future have now come to pass; it is almost exactly 13 years since the overwhelming majority of people in Ireland and Northern Ireland voted in favour of the agreement signed on Good Friday 1998, paving the way for Northern Ireland to become the exciting and inspirational place that it is today.
Until you value yourself, you won't value your time. Until you value your time, you will not do anything with it.
Two young actresses I admire are Emma Stone and Emma Watson, because they are intelligent, talented actresses and have a great sense of humor. They have learned to balance what they love in life - acting, school and everything else.
Often the difference between a successful man and a failure is not one's better abilities or ideas, but the courage that one has to bet on his ideas, to take a calculated risk, and to act.
Be happy. God gave you a breath to breathe every day. You don't need to be mad about nothin'.
Joy descends gently upon us like the evening dew, and does not patter down like a hailstorm.
I think of religion as man's attempt to reach God, and you can't do that.
I want you to know there is a God. He sits high, but he looks low. He will destroy, but yet he will defend - and he defended me.
Do you suppose there is any living man so unreasonable that if he found himself stricken with a dangerous ailment he would not anxiously desire to regain the blessing of health?
Movie SF is, by definition, dumbed down - there have only been three or four SF movies in the history of film that aspire to the complexity of literary SF.
I believe life imprisonment is far worse than the death penalty.
I'm interested in humor, and greeting cards just happen to be a perfect medium for my message. They're accessible to everyone, and thanks to all the advances that have been made by environmentally conscientious printers, I can get my message across while keeping my carbon footprint relatively small.
How few there are who have courage enough to own their faults, or resolution enough to mend them.
The society based on production is only productive, not creative.
Lady Gaga is the present and the future. She is the most revolutionary and inspirational artist. She is fearless and daring.
I think the best comedians have that bravery and courage to say, 'This is what it is. This is unfair; that's not cool.'
My accent has changed my whole life. When I was younger, it was very Nigerian, then when we went to England, it was very British. I think I have a very strange, hybrid accent, and I've worked very hard to get a solid American accent, which is what I use most of the time.
If you want a vision of the future, imagine a boot stamping on a human face - forever.
I was raised on pork... steak, chicken, everything... And everyone in my family pretty much of the older generation has diabetes, high cholesterol, high blood pressure, cancer.
Do not just look at your boyfriend as just a boyfriend. Look at him as a friend, too.
I believe God will make a way.
I'm proud to partner with organizations that place an emphasis on and share my interest in giving back to the community. RBC has a rich history of doing this through their sponsorship of golf and the extensive ambassadorial program they have in place.
We are called to be architects of the future, not its victims.
Asteroids have us in our sight. The dinosaurs didn't have a space program, so they're not here to talk about this problem. We are, and we have the power to do something about it. I don't want to be the embarrassment of the galaxy, to have had the power to deflect an asteroid, and then not, and end up going extinct.
I believe in living today. Not in yesterday, nor in tomorrow.
As a society, when you have your mortality slapped in your face, it changes you.
It was OK for the media to pursue Former President Clinton year after year for lying about a private, consensual sexual affair, but we have five justices who committed one of the biggest crimes in American History, and it ceased to be a big story.
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
I bought some instant water one time but I didn't know what to add to it.
Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less.
I don't want to be one of those 40-something guys in L.A. still dating, still going out to clubs and chasing 21-year-olds. It's not a good look.
Even celebrities, most people have a sense of humor. Most of the people we meet who we've done on the show, like it.
Teaching kids about health and fitness is important to me. It's about being fit for life.
The carrying power of a bridge is not the average strength of the pillars, but the strength of the weakest pillar. I have always believed that you do not measure the health of a society by GNP but by the condition of its worst off.
Calmness is the cradle of power.
I would say I'm an inspirational guidelines book. You can take my life story or scenarios or songs and relate to them and apply them to your everyday life.
I was portraying the family through my eyes. Everything that's happened in the strip has happened to me.
Women's natural role is to be a pillar of the family.
I truly respect the people who are working. If they want an autograph from Patti LaBelle, they are going to get it. I have never separated myself from them. I never think you are better than the next one.
Being a caregiver requires infinite patience, physical and emotional strength, health care navigation skills, and a sense of humor - which can be hard to come by after sleepless nights and demanding days.
If a race has no history, if it has no worthwhile tradition, it becomes a negligible factor in the thought of the world, and it stands in danger of being exterminated.
When elected officials abandon our environment and ruin our natural resources, public health is endangered. I know the importance of providing a clean environment for our children; I have attended more than one funeral for a child who has died from an asthma attack.
Never forget that the most powerful force on earth is love.
I know that together we can and will help shape the future of this country for the better.
I think if I could have a boyfriend like my brothers I'd be really happy. But without the brother thing.
For me, public service is an honor, and I have the ultimate respect for the rule of law.
Courage is the fear of being thought a coward.
It is curious that physical courage should be so common in the world and moral courage so rare.
I'm not traditional at all. It's not that I'm against marriage; it just never mattered that much to me. If I was dating someone who getting married was very important to them, then absolutely. I'd have no problem. I love the idea of finding someone to be a great father figure to Jasper and to share my life with.
It was my duty to shoot the enemy, and I don't regret it. My regrets are for the people I couldn't save: Marines, soldiers, buddies. I'm not naive, and I don't romanticize war. The worst moments of my life have come as a SEAL. But I can stand before God with a clear conscience about doing my job.
I want to make sure that that future that we're creating is one that is the best it can be for people around the world, and also one that includes the full range of our talent and our skills - and, you know, gender and ethnicity, geography - to solving the world's problems.
You may write me down in history with your bitter, twisted lines. You may trod me in the very dirt, but still, like dust, I'll rise.
At Harman, we had to reinvent ourselves so that we can compete on a global playing field. We did it by instituting a culture where teams can take calculated risks. But to inspire such a shift in mindset requires meaningful rewards across the ranks and freedom to experiment and innovate. I like to think of it as our courage culture.
We can't change the past. We can only get ready for the future.
Our Congress passes laws which subsidize corporation farms, oil companies, airlines, and houses for suburbia. But when they turn their attention to the poor, they suddenly become concerned about balancing the budget and cut back on the funds for Head Start, Medicare, and mental health appropriations.
All has been looted, betrayed, sold; black death's wing flashed ahead.
As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them.
In our film profession you may have Gable's looks, Tracy's art, Marlene's legs or Liz's violet eyes, but they don't mean a thing without that swinging thing called courage.
Sustainability, ensuring the future of life on Earth, is an infinite game, the endless expression of generosity on behalf of all.
I'm totally into new age and self-help books. I used to work in a bookstore and that's the section they gave me, and I got way into it. I just loved the power of positive thinking, letting yourself go.
Every day people are straying away from the church and going back to God.
Dating is pretty hard, since I'm always on the road.
If education does not create a need for the best in life, then we are stuck in an undemocratic, rigid caste society.
The God who existed before any religion counts on you to make the oneness of the human family known and celebrated.
I was raised in a Jewish family, but since I was adopted, my parents sent me to Hebrew school and Bible chapel, so I got the best of both worlds - singing in both a choir in Bible chapel and a chorus in Hebrew school. It shaped me and my voice.
The Supreme Court, of course, has the responsibility of ensuring that our government never oversteps its proper bounds or violates the rights of individuals. But the Court must also recognize the limits on itself and respect the choices made by the American people.
For all of its uncertainty, we cannot flee the future.
We're all just passing time and occupy our chair very briefly.
I'm just here to say, 'Just be a good person, and really respect others.'
The future is going to be boring. The suburbanisation of the planet will continue, and the suburbanisation of the soul will follow soon after.
The black holes of nature are the most perfect macroscopic objects there are in the universe: the only elements in their construction are our concepts of space and time.
An honest man's the noblest work of God.
Drag really isn't just about exaggerating and celebrating femininity. Some drag queens want to look like monsters, some drag queens want to look like hot dogs. Really what it is is just dipping your toes in all the swimming pools of identity and allowing yourself. Because society really tries to compartmentalize humans in a certain way.
Inaugural speeches are supposed to be huge and stirring. Presidents haul our heroes onstage, from George Washington to Martin Luther King Jr. George W. Bush brought the Liberty Bell. They use history to make greatness and achievements seem like something you can just take down from the shelf.
With my wife I don't get no respect. I made a toast on her birthday to 'the best woman a man ever had.' The waiter joined me.
I totally understand everyone else's view. They are obviously different to mine and I respect that but what I don't want to do is compromise what I believe in.
Every successful social movement in this country's history has used disruption as a strategy to fight for social change. Whether it was the Boston Tea Party to the sit-ins at lunch counters throughout the South, no change has been won without disruptive action.
In order for us to have a future that's exciting and inspiring, it has to be one where we're a space-bearing civilization.
I don't know what the future holds, but I know that God holds tomorrow, so it is exciting. Even when I have hard things happen, He loves me so big, so much. I come through it and I grow from it, because He has got me.
If you only think of me during Black History Month, I must be failing as an educator and as an astrophysicist.
I have devoted my life to uncertainty. Certainty is the death of wisdom, thought, creativity.
The soft power of science has the potential to reshape global diplomacy.
We need quiet time to examine our lives openly and honestly - spending quiet time alone gives your mind an opportunity to renew itself and create order.
Have no fear of moving into the unknown. Simply step out fearlessly knowing that I am with you, therefore no harm can befall you; all is very, very well. Do this in complete faith and confidence.
I didn't attend the funeral, but I sent a nice letter saying I approved of it.
Girls are the future mothers of our society, and it is important that we focus on their well-being.
With faith and courage, generations of Armenians have overcome great suffering and proudly preserved their culture, traditions, and religion and have told the story of the genocide to an often indifferent world.
For society to progress, we should not only move forward but also clean up after ourselves.
We all prospect, and don't even know we're doing it. When you start the dating process, you are actually prospecting for the person you want to marry. When you're interviewing employees, you are prospecting for someone who will best fit your needs.
True luxury is being able to own your time - to be able to take a walk, sit on your porch, read the paper, not take the call, not be compelled by obligation.
Philosophy of science without history of science is empty; history of science without philosophy of science is blind.
Fear was absolutely necessary. Without it, I would have been scared to death.
Bulls can do nothing to demand justice. They can only defend themselves as best they can in a fight with a pre-determined ending and die never knowing why they were forced to endure such a painful and prolonged death. It's up to us, as a civilized society, to call for an end to the Running of the Bulls and bullfighting.
Leadership to me means duty, honor, country. It means character, and it means listening from time to time.
Growing up in an Italian family, we used our body to convey a message.
If God can work through me, he can work through anyone.
My fam is just a regular family. But all of them have great senses of humor.
Our nature consists in motion; complete rest is death.
People spend too much time finding other people to blame, too much energy finding excuses for not being what they are capable of being, and not enough energy putting themselves on the line, growing out of the past, and getting on with their lives.
Be able to be alone. Lose not the advantage of solitude, and the society of thyself.
Except our own thoughts, there is nothing absolutely in our power.
My family has always been there to support me along the way. My coach, John Nicks, is a great influence.
Mastering others is strength. Mastering yourself is true power.
I always have tried to treat people with respect, the way I want to be treated.
I'm a pretty uncomplicated person. I live a very simple life with my family and I enjoy very ordinary things.
One of the marks of a truly vigorous society is the ability to dispense with passion as a midwife of action - the ability to pass directly from thought to action.
What I have found is that, in a family business structure, sometimes what is needed is a sense of discipline rather than creativity. You have to take everyone's ideas and make it work. When you are dealing with money, there is a limitation on how creative you can be.
Good night, good night! Parting is such sweet sorrow, that I shall say good night till it be morrow.
The oil and gas sector in the North Sea does have a strong future if we do the right things now, but we've got to make sure that the infrastructure is right to support the sector, but also to support, over the next few years, diversification as well.
Am I still interested in a guy's body? Now that I have grown up, I am much more of a 'vibe' kind of person! If a man has a good body, that is an added plus.
It takes a long time to understand nothing.
No one wants to die. Even people who want to go to heaven don't want to die to get there. And yet death is the destination we all share. No one has ever escaped it. And that is as it should be, because Death is very likely the single best invention of Life. It is Life's change agent. It clears out the old to make way for the new.
When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everybody will respect you.
There will always be people saying things can't be done. And history shows that time and time again things 'couldn't be done' and they were done.
How does a project get to be a year late? One day at a time.
Character is the result of two things: mental attitude and the way we spend our time.
Paul Rudd has a very specific brand of humor.
Those who know me know I'm passionate about lists, and top of my list of priorities is my family. My wife Joan and I do not consider our legacy to our children to be wealth or fame but the opportunity to pursue happiness by following their own path.
We need men with moral courage to speak and write their real thoughts, and to stand by their convictions, even to the very death.
'Dating In The Dark' is a unique show that is going to bring something very new to the table for the audiences. The format will make people look beyond the general dating norms of our society: who knows, maybe even reinvent them.
The truths are universal: Every kid knows fear. Every kid knows family and friendship. Loss, love, laughter. Everything else is just detail.
I always think about the idea that God never gives you more than you can handle, and just the idea that God would be looking at me and thinking, 'Eh, I think she can handle more.' And the angels thinking, 'What are you doing? You're a lunatic.' And God being like, 'No, no, trust me. She can handle this.'
The next time you have a thought... let it go.
I like a man who can be a real friend, has a good sense of humor, a good pair of shoes and a healthy gold card.
My philosophy is: Life is hard, but God is good. Try not to confuse the two.
There are hurdles, there are handicaps, hardships you have to face in life, but you hope for a great future.
In the long run we are all dead.
I have great respect for people who live out their beliefs. For example, Ed Begley Jr. is an environmentalist, but he really lives his lives, and is he very prudent in the way he lives. He's cautious. He's not like an Al Gore that flies around in a private jet and burns 20,000 gallons a day on his jet.
I went through child abuse, and I also went through abuse with dating a couple of boyfriends in high school. I also have gone through a divorce.
What a newspaper needs in its news, in its headlines, and on its editorial page is terseness, humor, descriptive power, satire, originality, good literary style, clever condensation, and accuracy, accuracy, accuracy!
The last thing a woman will consent to discover in a man whom she loves, or on whom she simply depends, is want of courage.
Conventional agriculture has never succeeded in feeding the world, and it's never produced anything good to eat. For the future, we need to look toward alternatives.
Killing yourself is a major commitment, it takes a kind of courage. Most people just lead lives of cowardly desperation. It's kinda half suicide where you just dull yourself with substances.
My sense of humor has saved me more than a couple of times in my life.
Every single immigrant we have, undocumented or documented, is a future American. That's just the truth of it.
You can be shattered, and then you can put yourself back together piece by piece. But what can happen over time is this: You wake up one day and realize that you have put yourself back together completely differently. That you are whole, finally, and strong - but you are now a different shape, a different size.
War isn't just about bravery and courage and jingoism and patriotism. It's also fundamentally about grief. And the people that go and do the fighting and the dying are never the people who actually benefit from the fighting and the dying.
I'm an Afro-realist. I take what comes, and I do my best to affect what is unacceptable in society.
Self-deprecating humor and brutal honesty is a really freeing thing.
Nurture your minds with great thoughts. To believe in the heroic makes heroes.
Man's greatness lies in his power of thought.
When you really don't like a guy, they're all over you, and as soon as you act like you like them, they're no longer interested.
Once you've stared death in the face, every day is a good day.
It puts the provider in a situation of looking for ways to have someone else pick up a piece of the cost. As a result, every customer who has insurance ends up paying a 'hidden premium.' It simply adds to the health care cost burden.
I'm thankful to God for having a family that's been there for me. He's been there from the time I was a child to even now with my family helping with my little boy. It's worth more than words could ever describe. That's one of the ways I've been able to stay grounded is thanks to family and God.
My father's family were Italian ice cream men, and the knowledge was passed on, so I ran an ice cream van while I was dating my wife.
We have always had gross humor. But we try for funny, not gross.
To maintain a joyful family requires much from both the parents and the children. Each member of the family has to become, in a special way, the servant of the others.
You may hear the most beautiful things, you may hear promises, you may hear everything you want to hear but if the person you're dating is not following up with their actions then they're just words.
I've been through a lot of things in my personal and family life. That turned me into a fighter. I always strive to be the best I possibly can.
Once you accept your own death, all of a sudden you're free to live. You no longer care about your reputation. You no longer care except so far as your life can be used tactically to promote a cause you believe in.
The old-timers schooled me good. They brainwashed me to respect music, whether we were playing rockabilly or blues or rock and roll.
It is past time for Democrats and Republicans to join together to create a bipartisan coalition for courage and common sense.
Know how to live the time that is given you.
When I read things like the foundations of capitalism are shattering, I'm like, maybe we need that. Maybe we need some time where we're walking around with a donkey with pots clanging on the sides.
In an ideal world, I wouldn't have to change my body. I wouldn't have to do all this stuff. I wouldn't have to be pretty or 'feminine,' and people would respect that.
Goodness is about character - integrity, honesty, kindness, generosity, moral courage, and the like. More than anything else, it is about how we treat other people.
I'm the curvy one of the family.
Cooperation and respect for each other will advance the cause of human rights worldwide. Confrontation, vilification, and double standards will not.
Although he's no longer with us, Steve Jobs is still inspirational to me, as he managed to find the balance between right brain/left-brain thinking that is crucial to building a creative technology business.
It takes no compromising to give people their rights. It takes no money to respect the individual. It takes no survey to remove repressions.
The Internet: transforming society and shaping the future through chat.
Knowledge is power, and it can help you overcome any fear of the unexpected. When you learn, you gain more awareness through the process, and you know what pitfalls to look for as you get ready to transition to the next level.
Being born into the Royal Family is like being born into a mental asylum. Marrying into it is not something to be taken lightly.
When I see a friend play Hamlet or see an inspirational performance, I absolutely get excited by the idea of changing things up.
My kids give me the balance to live right.
There is one Physician, of flesh and of spirit, originate and unoriginate, God in man, true Life in death, son of Mary and son of God, first passible and then impassible: Jesus Christ our Lord.
I am an advocate of education. It is the panacea for all that ails us in our society.
I think 'Lost in Space' certainly shifted from being an ensemble adventure series about a family facing the unknown alien environment to this trio of comedians - Dr. Smith, the Robot, and Will Robinson being the straight guy. It definitely changed its tone over the three seasons and 84 episodes we did.
Fashion is not just about trends. It's about political history. You can trace it from the ancient Romans to probably until the '80s, and you can see defining moments that were due either to revolutions or changes in politics.
In our most desperate times, people going through true hardships use humor to cope.
If you want to study the social and political history of modern nations, study hell.
Nobody likes insurance companies, especially health insurance companies.
I tell people that we must have the courage to share what we feel, but no one follows me.
This is a moment in history where it is almost hard to catch your breath.
Love is about mutual respect, apart from attraction.
Smartness runs in my family. When I went to school I was so smart my teacher was in my class for five years.
Yes, we've seen it all before. And yes, those who do not study history are condemned to repeat it. But no, the sky is not falling - baseball is such a great game that neither the owners nor the players can kill it. After some necessary carnage, market forces will prevail.
A sense of humor keen enough to show a man his own absurdities will keep him from the commission of all sins, or nearly all, save those worth committing.
Each moment is perfect and heaven-sent, in that each moment holds the seeds for growth.
We should be concerned not only about the health of individual patients, but also the health of our entire society.
I don't know how to function without music. When I'm not making it, I'm listening to it. It gives me courage and takes care of my mind.
The Bible is one of the most genocidal books in history.
Music is one of the toughest industries, so I respect everybody who has travelled any distance, come far in this music business and achieved anything because it is so hard, and there are so many people out there these days.
Tears of joy are like the summer rain drops pierced by sunbeams.
Right now I'm pretty single... My career is my boyfriend.
I believe in God - not in a Catholic God; there is no Catholic God. There is God, and I believe in Jesus Christ, his incarnation. Jesus is my teacher and my pastor, but God, the Father, Abba, is the light and the Creator. This is my Being.
Do your duty and a little more and the future will take care of itself.
If nothing else, I want women to understand that they are powerful. If you look back at history, in almost every big moment, in every leap forward, you find ordinary women at the core. We have more ability to make changes in the world than we can imagine if we have the courage to try.
I think people have different definitions of team unity. My definition is doing whatever it takes to win, what makes a great team; it's performance on the field, respect on the field.
Visual surprise is natural in the Caribbean; it comes with the landscape, and faced with its beauty, the sigh of History dissolves.
Fashions come and go, but good health is a treasure to keep.
Once you're dating already, then you go to dinner. But I've never been on like a, 'I'm getting dressed up for a date. Pick you up at 7.'
My parents have been very supportive, in fact, it was my mother who identified that what I was going through was actually depression. My family and friends never let me feel as if something was wrong with me. They made me feel that what I was going through was okay. They supported my decision to take medication for depression.
Power is the chance to impose your will within a social context, even when opposed and regardless of the integrity of that chance.
There's no wrong time to make the right decision.
I have no wisdom to share on dating.
Anyone can count the seeds in an apple, but only God can count the number of apples in a seed.
I try to deal with the complexities of power and social life, but as far as the visual presentation goes I purposely avoid a high degree of difficulty.
The Arab Spring is kind of a perfect model for how people are going to use technology to act collectively in their own interest in the future. There's never been a revolution that was coordinated by social media to the degree that the Arab Spring was.
I like the bad-boy types. Generally the guy I'm attracted to is the guy in the club with all the tattoos and nail polish. He's usually the lead singer in a punk band and plays guitar. But my serious boyfriends are relatively clean-cut, nice guys. So it's strange.
My father's family hails from Banaras. My grandfather taught mathematics at Banaras Hindu University. Banaras is also dedicated to Lord Shiva, home to one of the great jyotirlings, the Kashi Vishwanath temple.
If there is a meaning in life at all, then there must be a meaning in suffering. Suffering is an ineradicable part of life, even as fate and death. Without suffering and death, human life cannot be complete.
I look at it like this: that if Shakespeare were alive today, he would have written two or three plays about the Kennedy family, and actors would traditionally play JFK like they Hamlet or King Lear. They just would. I mean, people have played JFK, and they'll play him long after I have.
I learned a lot under Jurgen Klopp, even when I wasn't playing I was training with the lads every day and my game was still developing. I understood every decision he made and as a player you have got to respect that.
Never undertake anything for which you wouldn't have the courage to ask the blessings of heaven.
We must not only imagine a better future for women, children, and persecuted minorities; we must work consistently to make it happen - prioritizing humanity, not war.
Grades don't measure tenacity, courage, leadership, guts or whatever you want to call it. Teachers or any other persons in a position of authority should never tell anybody they will not succeed because they did not get all A's in school.
I pride myself on being a family man. I pride myself on being respectful and hardworking. That's just me.
Pessimism leads to weakness, optimism to power.
Any society where it's a crime or a hassle to be different is a society based on psychological fascism.
It is difficult to live in the present, ridiculous to live in the future and impossible to live in the past. Nothing is as far away as one minute ago.
Tennis just a game, family is forever.
I, Master John Hus, in chains and in prison, now standing on the shore of this present life and expecting on the morrow a dreadful death, which will, I hope, purge away my sins, find no heresy in myself, and accept with all my heart any truth whatsoever that is worthy of belief.
We waste time looking for the perfect lover, instead of creating the perfect love.
Most humor comes from truth. In the end, if I can laugh about it, who cares?
A healthy attitude is contagious but don't wait to catch it from others. Be a carrier.
Most men, I think, wonder about their courage. How would they act in combat? Under torture?
I don't believe in God, but I'm afraid of Him.
I want to make this world perfect.
I would feel more optimistic about a bright future for man if he spent less time proving that he can outwit Nature and more time tasting her sweetness and respecting her seniority.
What I love about the East End is that there's a great perseverance, determination and courage. What I dislike about it is that there is sometimes a celebration of ignorance.
The history of Germany is a mold for the history of Belarus.
Americans are gathering the courage to just say no. We are saying no to addictive consumer lifestyles. We are saying no to wars and corporate takeover and the IMF loans that gobble up people and their resources.
When I was seven months pregnant with my son, my mother and I took a trip to El Salvador, where she's from. Frequent visits with her to see my extended family have taught me how different life can be if you are born into poverty.
To understand the power of the priesthood, we must know its limitations.
Black women all over the world should re-unite and re-examine the way history has portrayed us.
Society might have been better off without them, but we are supposed to look after the disadvantaged, and so we do it. But it doesn't help the society.
Sometime in the future, science will be able to create realities that we can't even begin to imagine. As we evolve, we'll be able to construct other information systems that correspond to other realities, universes based on logic completely different from ours and not based on space and time.
Every day, every birthday candle I blow out, every penny I throw over my shoulder in a wishing well, every time my daughter says, 'Let's make a wish on a star,' there's one thing I wish for: wisdom.
What is interesting is the power and the impact of social media... So we must try to use social media in a good way.
I saw rock n' roll future and its name is Bruce Springsteen.
Saks helps to empower women through how they look and feel - and Bumble wants to give all women a platform to connect with other empowered women, whether that's in dating, friendship, or business.
Don't say I was an inspirational teacher - my former pupils would laugh their heads off. I was grossly incompetent, but I hope I didn't do the children a disservice.
Leadership is inspiring people. Management is keeping the trains running on time.
You will find it will almost always be more comfortable to sit on the sidelines and critique the builders from afar. But at the end of the day, the people who make a difference, the people who shape history, are not the haters.
The trouble with always trying to preserve the health of the body is that it is so difficult to do without destroying the health of the mind.
Legend: A lie that has attained the dignity of age.
Me and my family are straight. I am blessed. I am alive, man, and I am healthy, and that is the only thing that matters. Me and my family, everybody else, it really doesn't matter because why do you care about somebody talking negative about you if they don't know you?
I think that we're living in a time where there are trillion-dollar opportunities that never existed before.
I think everybody has their own way of looking at their lives as some kind of pilgrimage. Some people will see their role as a pilgrim in terms of setting up a fine family, or establishing a business inheritance. Everyone's got their own definition.
If change is to come, it must come from the working class. That's why telling their story is important. That's why knowing our history is important.
God wants to use you to make other people happy! And the happier you make others, the happier you will be because you reap what you sow.
I like George Carlin's jokes. I like his humor. He's one of my heroes, and I like what he did with talking about everyday things.
Our situation today shows that beauty demands for itself at least as much courage and decision as do truth and goodness, and she will not allow herself to be separated and banned from her two sisters without taking them along with herself in an act of mysterious vengeance.
When 'Men's Health' reached out and said, 'Will you be on the 'Today Show' and do a fitness challenge?' I said, 'OK. I'm not showing them anything they don't already know.' But I'm going to take what some would argue is a negative or not substantive and turn it into a substantive thing to hopefully do some good for people.
You can embrace nostalgia and history and tradition at the same time - it has to progress or it can't survive.
Future generations are not going to ask us what political party were you in. They are going to ask what did you do about it, when you knew the glaciers were melting.
When the rich think about the poor, they have poor ideas.
The MTC is known for singing music by great master composers, hymns, American music, Broadway numbers, popular songs, and inspirational music. If the audience doesn't like one genre, they need only wait for the next number.
Mass media provides the essential link between the individual and the demands of the technological society.
The sea hath fish for every man.
Make a Goal Box, a chart of positive daily contact with a family when you are working with them.
Patriotism is an ephemeral motive that scarcely ever outlasts the particular threat to society that aroused it.
Life is to be entered upon with courage.
You must have love as the core; it takes courage to be willing to constantly tell the truth to each other and risk letting the relationship go.
Trade protectionism has an American lineage dating back to the Founders; that lineage is distinct from white nationalism.
My only advice is, follow your dream and do whatever you like to do the most. I chose journalism because I wanted to be in the places where history was being made.
I have huge respect for women who go out of their homes and have the courage to make their own destiny. And let me tell you, Indian women are doing a great job. There are those who work because they have no option but to earn, and then there are those who do it because they have the right talent. I respect both.
Birth and death; we all move between these two unknowns.
History teaches us that unity is strength, and cautions us to submerge and overcome our differences in the quest for common goals, to strive, with all our combined strength, for the path to true African brotherhood and unity.
It is up to African leaders to show their will and political courage in order to assure that this new pan-African institution becomes an efficient instrument and not a place for endless discussions.
I think it's impossible to predict the future but it is possible to look at the past and see how one can do differently from what one's ancestors have done and learn from their mistakes, and one can see how even though there are enormous forces which stop one doing what one wants to, there are little holes in which the individual can do something.
Every one of us is a perfect human being, deformed by the family, the society and the culture.
The majority of Americans receive health insurance coverage through their employers, but with rising health care costs, many small businesses can no longer afford to provide coverage for their employees.
My father always taught me that when you help other people, then God will give you double. And that's what has really happened to me. When I have helped other people who are in need, God has helped me more.
Whatever else an American believes or disbelieves about himself, he is absolutely sure he has a sense of humor.
We carry around computers in our pockets. Many people barely use them as phones. We use them as computers. If you think about the future, when you're traveling around, it's great to have a lightweight, small form factor.
To create one's world in any of the arts takes courage.
You had to be aware that I saw that photography was a mere episode in the history of the optical projection and when the chemicals ended, meaning the picture was fixed by chemicals, we were in a new era.
There is no development strategy more beneficial to society as a whole - women and men alike - than the one which involves women as central players.
My girlfriend bought me a down jacket, she said it fit my personality.
We as Americans believe it's OK to kill people. We believe it's OK to invade a country that had nothing to do with 9/11. We think it's OK to invade a country where we think Osama Bin Laden is and he's in the other country. So we just go in and we just kill. And we have the death penalty; we sanction it.
What's the reason I'm playing basketball? I do it because I love it, I do it because of my family, and that's it. I don't do it because of the money. I don't do it because of the fame. I just do it because I love it, and I do it for my family because my family enjoys it.
Sure, the comedians who swear or use scatological humor can get laughs, but they're uncomfortable laughs.
And the issues I think are important in Louisiana right now happen to be health care and education. And those are two areas that the federal government can play a very important role. And I think I can be effective in trying to help our state from the Washington scene.
If you do a good job for others, you heal yourself at the same time, because a dose of joy is a spiritual cure. It transcends all barriers.
What is history? An echo of the past in the future; a reflex from the future on the past.
At a personal level, there's ample evidence that being aware of your emotions and generous to yourself improves your physical and mental health, as well as your relationships with others.
My life is storytelling. I believe in stories, in their incredible power to keep people alive, to keep the living alive, and the dead.
If you don't have a valentine, hang out with your girlfriends, don't go looking for someone. When it's right, they'll come to you.
Christmas gives us the opportunity to pause and reflect on the important things around us - a time when we can look back on the year that has passed and prepare for the year ahead.
I respect Lady Gaga very much.
I have a song called 'Young Voorhees,' because I like to call myself the new Jason Voorhees, and it samples 'Courage the Cowardly Dog.'
A society should never become like a pond with stagnant water, without movement. That's the most important thing.
There's only one effectively redemptive sacrifice, the sacrifice of self-will to make room for the knowledge of God.
Therefore in medicine we ought to know the causes of sickness and health.
The more technology we introduce into society, the more people will aggregate, will want to be with other people: movies, rock concerts, shopping.
I grew up in a very spiritual home in a Liberty City neighborhood of Miami, FL. I was raised in the church, and my mother was a very inspirational person in my life.
I am so fresh in soul and spirit that life gushes and bubbles around me in a thousand springs.
If somebody is not on the same page with me humor wise, I can't give them that.
The trouble with our times is that the future is not what it used to be.
My family has never been there for me. They expect things because we're blood.
All of us should have free choice when it comes to patriotic displays... a government wisely acting within its bounds will earn loyalty and respect from its citizens. A government dare not demand the same.
The real enemies of our life are the 'oughts' and the 'ifs.' They pull us backward into the unalterable past and forward into the unpredictable future. But real life takes place in the here and now.
Courage consists not in hazarding without fear; but being resolutely minded in a just cause.
You go through life wondering what is it all about but at the end of the day it's all about family.
Gut health is the key to overall health.
What ever disunites man from God, also disunites man from man.
No matter what job or industry you're in, life is hard, but we're all going through a difficult time and the best thing we can do is pick each other up and move on together.
We've lost touch with our souls. We've been nourishing our minds, our relational skills, our theological knowledge, our psychological well-being, our physiological health... but we've abandoned our souls.
I respect myself and insist upon it from everybody. And because I do it, I then respect everybody, too.
Courtship is to marriage, as a very witty prologue to a very dull play.
You are the bows from which your children as living arrows are sent forth.
Once upon a time, I was really lost. I was 18 going on 19, and I was shy. All I want to do is get money, and the way I was thinking I was going to do that was a negative route.
Time is what prevents everything from happening at once.
No great man lives in vain. The history of the world is but the biography of great men.
The history of Israel-Palestine conflict cannot be understood without its underlying emotional meanders. The emotional frameworks of the loss of Palestine for the Arab-Islamic world touched deep scars that go back to the Crusades, symbolizing a proof of Arab-Islamic decay, political impotence, and perceived (British/French) betrayal and antagonism.
For me, I really love 'Tim and Eric' and 'Dr. Steve Brule' and a lot of the Adult Swim shows, so I like strange, weird, sometimes slightly upsetting humor.
When the fabric of society is so rigid that it cannot change quickly enough, adjustments are achieved by social unrest and revolutions.
The paradox of trauma is that it has both the power to destroy and the power to transform and resurrect.
A lot of people see a future where you could make a living as a chess player.
The voice of passion is better than the voice of reason. The passionless cannot change history.
What a strange world this would be if we all had the same sense of humor.
If we are faithful to God in little things, we shall gain experience and strength that will be helpful to us in the more serious trials of life.
I really love travelling to places where I get to learn something new about a new group of people or a new place. Learn some history, contemplate some business ideas, and sort of get off the beaten track a little bit.
My main point here is that if you are the child of God and God is a part of you, the in your imagination God suppose to look like you. And when you accept a picture of the deity assigned to you by another people, you become the spiritual prisoners of that other people.
Good health and good sense are two of life's greatest blessings.
Satan has declared war on motherhood. He knows that those who rock the cradle can rock his earthly empire. And he knows that without righteous mothers loving and leading the next generation, the Kingdom of God will fail.
When I was in graduate school, I became very interested in why some kids took on challenges and were able to bounce back from setbacks whereas others shy away from difficulty and really crumble when they hit failures. I became fascinated with people who had that kind of courage to take on challenges.
In Korean, the word 'future' is made up of two parts. The first part means 'not,' and the second means 'to come.' In that sense, 'future' means something that will not come. This is to say the future is now, and our now is us living our future.
Family's first, and that's what matters most. We realize that our love goes deeper than the tennis game.
What I fear most is power with impunity. I fear abuse of power, and the power to abuse.
Before we can know God and understand his great plan it is first necessary for us to believe that he exists and that he rewards all who diligently seek him.
There are people who are able to plan their career, their future, but I've never had any talent for that. I just do things and hope for the best. Say yes, take a chance, and sometimes it's terrific and sometimes it's not.
Some black women hug me and walk away. A lot of black men talk about dating white women and how they've been there, too. People open up about their racial experiences. I feel like I'm a walking therapy session. It's quite intense. But it means a lot to people.
Our intuition about the future is linear. But the reality of information technology is exponential, and that makes a profound difference. If I take 30 steps linearly, I get to 30. If I take 30 steps exponentially, I get to a billion.
Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them.
The moment I have realized God sitting in the temple of every human body, the moment I stand in reverence before every human being and see God in him - that moment I am free from bondage, everything that binds vanishes, and I am free.
Time is your friend; impulse is your enemy.
I believe that a trusting attitude and a patient attitude go hand in hand. You see, when you let go and learn to trust God, it releases joy in your life. And when you trust God, you're able to be more patient. Patience is not just about waiting for something... it's about how you wait, or your attitude while waiting.
All political careers end in failure, but few did it so quickly as David Cameron's. He came to power promising not to 'bang on about Europe' and ended up having the continent's name chiselled into the lid of his political coffin.
Even during the worst hardships, when the other things in our lives seem to fall apart, we can still find peace in the eternal love of God.
Let us put our minds together and see what life we can make for our children.
Justice, particularly for the oppressed and marginalized in our society, never comes without great effort and sacrifice.
I'm a fan of 'Family Guy,' and I like watching the show.
Our words will either bring life and victory or death and destruction. If we want to be happy, we have to be serious about speaking words of life that line up with God's Word.
As long as you have capital punishment there is no guarantee that innocent people won't be put to death.
When I did stand-up at U.C.B., and I had a blog for a couple of years that started my writing career, 'Totally Confident and Completely Insecure,' it was the same kind of self-deprecating humor and stories about being out in L.A. and being treated like a loser at a hair salon because you are not famous.
Fabric is the most extraordinary thing; it has life. You must respect the fabric.
Creativity is the key to success in the future, and primary education is where teachers can bring creativity in children at that level.
Expose yourself to your deepest fear; after that, fear has no power, and the fear of freedom shrinks and vanishes. You are free.
I met Elton John at an Interview dinner, and we just sort of became friends. He's got such a wicked sense of humor.
My goal is to stay in good health, and every day, I wake up and pray that I do.
Femininity is part of the God-given divinity within each of you. It is your incomparable power and influence to do good. You can, through your supernal gifts, bless the lives of children, women, and men. Be proud of your womanhood. Enhance it. Use it to serve others.
Confederate monuments belong in museums where we can study and reflect on that terrible history, not in places of honor across our state.
My sword I give to him that shall succeed me in my pilgrimage, and my courage and skill to him that can get it.
Arguably, my student status and perhaps my gender were also my downfall with respect to the Nobel Prize, which was awarded to Professor Antony Hewish and Professor Martin Ryle. At the time, science was still perceived as being carried out by distinguished men.
It takes far less courage to kill yourself than it takes to make yourself wake up one more time. It's harder to stay where you are than to get out. For everyone but you, that is.
Ruin is the destination toward which all men rush, each pursuing his own best interest in a society that believes in the freedom of the commons.
I submit that an individual who breaks a law that conscience tells him is unjust, and who willingly accepts the penalty of imprisonment in order to arouse the conscience of the community over its injustice, is in reality expressing the highest respect for law.
We all strive for balance, often moving to extremes to find ourselves somewhere in the middle where we can sustainably exist in optimal inspiration. Working toward balance takes a lot of ingredients. We need courage, reflection, attention, action, and a push-and-pull relationship between effort and relaxation.
I had a different perception of what a relationship or love is like. I was all giddy-headed and fairytale about it in my head, but it's so different. There's a lot of restraint that you've got to have, compromising in certain situations - and you've got to have a lot of respect.
To understand a science, it is necessary to know its history.
The doctor has been taught to be interested not in health but in disease. What the public is taught is that health is the cure for disease.
As nations we should also commit afresh to righting past wrongs. In Australia we began this recently with the first Australians - the oldest continuing culture in human history. On behalf of the Australian Parliament, this year I offered an apology to indigenous Australians for the wrongs they had suffered in the past.
Blame is for God and small children.
Death is very often referred to as a good career move.
Do the right things, respect your elders, respect your teachers, continue to work hard, and if you are religious and you have some type of faith... pray.
When we censor our history by disguising our scars, we belittle this process and the struggles our ancestors fought so hard to overcome. America doesn't cower behind political correctness. It defiantly and courageously moves forward, with its history as a reminder of where we have been.
There is a real affection for these human beings on these stage that O'Neill really had. Out of that affection comes a lot of humor, which is unexpected when you think of 'The Iceman Cometh.'
To be a good reporter, writing about war, you have to write about the people. It's not about the tanks or the RPGs or military strategy. It's always about the effect war has on civilians, on society, and how it disrupts and destroys lives.
The civil unrest of recent days must come to an end, and the healing process must begin for the future of the community. We will provide assistance both in ending the violence and enabling the healing process in Benton Harbor.
Everyone has a part to play. We have the power. You can do it.
People with a sense of humor tend to be less egocentric and more realistic in their view of the world and more humble in moments of success and less defeated in times of travail.
As an immigrant, I appreciate, far more than the average American, the liberties we have in this country. Silence is a big enemy of morality. I don't want our blunders in history to get repeated.
To be stupid and selfish and to have good health are the three requirements for happiness. Though if stupidity is lacking, the others are useless.
Prayer doesn't just change things - it changes us. If we are diligent in seeking God, slowly and surely we become better people.
One of the people that I respect the most now, a person I think has done a heck of a lot for this world as a leader, is Margaret Thatcher. She helped create a world that offers us a lot of excitement as we look to the next century.
The highest service that men may attain to on earth is to preach the word of God. This service falls peculiarly to priests, and therefore, God more directly demands it of them.
It takes a lot of courage in that cage no matter who you are.
Captain Hale, alone, without sympathy or support, save that from above, on the near approach of death asked for a clergyman to attend him. It was refused. He then requested a Bible; that too was refused by his inhuman jailer.
I think we're struggling with trying to redefine various positions at this point in history. To allow freedom for women, freedom for men, freedom from those sharply defined gender roles.
Art is built on the deepest themes of human meaning: good and evil, beauty and ugliness, life and death, love and hate. No other story has incarnated those themes more than the story of Jesus.
I have enormous respect for Steve Johnson, and as I've told him, Feed was one of the inspirations for Salon. They were up there before we were. And also for Joey and the Suck people.
The key to making healthy decisions is to respect your future self. Honor him or her. Treat him or her like you would treat a friend or a loved one. A Stanford study showed that those who saw a photo of their future self made smarter financial decisions.
No other people have a government more worthy of their respect and love or a land so magnificent in extent, so pleasant to look upon, and so full of generous suggestion to enterprise and labor.
You are not angry with people when you laugh at them. Humor teaches tolerance.
History does not record in its annals any lasting domination exercised by one people over another, of different race, of diverse usages and customs, of opposite and divergent ideals. One of the two had to yield and succumb.
A society that gets rid of all its troublemakers goes downhill.
Not for nothing is their motto TGIF - 'Thank God It's Friday.' They live for the weekends, when they can go do what they really want to do.
Respect is what we owe; love, what we give.
Today's business and health care climate may not be pleasant. Cutbacks, pay cuts and layoffs do not make anyone's job easy. But that does not mean that the humor need stop.
The government is so out of control. It is so bloated and infested with fraud and deceit and corruption and abuse of power.
Give light and people will find the way.
'Death at an Early Age' was about racial segregation in Boston. 'Illiterate America' was about grownups who can't read. 'Rachel and Her Children' was about people who were homeless in the middle of Manhattan.
History isn't something you look back at and say it was inevitable, it happens because people make decisions that are sometimes very impulsive and of the moment, but those moments are cumulative realities.
I currently use Ubuntu Linux, on a standalone laptop - it has no Internet connection. I occasionally carry flash memory drives between this machine and the Macs that I use for network surfing and graphics; but I trust my family jewels only to Linux.
If we depend for our happiness on another, on society or on environment, they become essential to us; we cling to them, and any alteration of these we violently oppose because we depend upon them for our psychological security and comfort.
Don't let the fear of the time it will take to accomplish something stand in the way of your doing it. The time will pass anyway; we might just as well put that passing time to the best possible use.
A bad system will beat a good person every time.
O sweet, delusive Noon, Which the morning climbs to find, O moment sped too soon, And morning left behind.
Our attitudes control our lives. Attitudes are a secret power working twenty-four hours a day, for good or bad. It is of paramount importance that we know how to harness and control this great force.
Business, labor and civil society organizations have skills and resources that are vital in helping to build a more robust global community.
Up until age 40, most men are just not as mature as women. So, it makes sense that a lot of women date up in age a bit.
I've got no respect for anyone who tries to take the easy way out.
Some of the greatest survivors have been women. Look at the courage so many women have shown after surviving earthquakes in the rubble for days on end.
Art and nature shall always be wrestling until they eventually conquer one another so that the victory is the same stroke and line: that which is conquered, conquers at the same time.
A lot of stars don't have a sense of humor.
You must have been warned against letting the golden hours slip by; but some of them are golden only because we let them slip by.
Everybody in Argentina can remember 'the hand of God' in the England match in the 1986 World Cup. Now, in my country, the 'hand of God' has brought us an Argentinian pope.
The thing is, in the dating profiles it says 'spiritual,' but not with a specific religion. And so I pretty much try to meditate, but I have a very hard time concentrating on things other than me.
Life and death appeared to me ideal bounds, which I should first break through, and pour a torrent of light into our dark world.
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.
You must pursue this investigation of Watergate even if it leads to the president. I'm innocent. You've got to believe I'm innocent. If you don't, take my job.
I have values. But morals are Christian. There's no religion here. Values. Don't hurt when you don't need to, but don't let anybody step over that line - it's an invisible line, but it's respect for somebody's space.
There's only two people in your life you should lie to... the police and your girlfriend.
After two world wars, the collapse of fascism, nazism, communism and colonialism and the end of the cold war, humanity has entered a new phase of its history.
The bicycle might just be the greatest of all inventions. It empowers the human machine, and with no input beyond perhaps a trendy isotonic health drink in a brightly coloured bottle at an inflated price.
I think that communalism is the cancer of our society, and if we have to protect the humanity and the unity and integrity of this country, then we will have to fight the communal forces.
When you say a friend has a sense of humor do you mean that he makes you laugh, or that he can make you laugh?
It's so important to realize that every time you get upset, it drains your emotional energy. Losing your cool makes you tired. Getting angry a lot messes with your health.
You are a person of the greatest importance when you are a mother of a family. Just do your job right and your kids will love you.
Children are more restricted than ever when it comes to taking physical risks - one of the ways previous generations built resilience. Thanks to health and safety mania, leapfrog, marbles and conkers are now considered unsafe.
Science is the international language, so when we are able to convince countries that good decision-making for human health and animal health is based upon science, that's a real success story for us.
If I can't give back to the society, then this isn't a good life I am leading.
As a child, I was fortunate enough to be close to family members who were - and still are - great storytellers. I was a gullible country boy from Rocky Mount, Virginia, and I believed every folktale they told me, no matter how fantastic.
We work to create a new wave of feminism that is more inclusive. I want others to feel equal. It's so great to see women in positions of power, which is why other artists, such as Marilyn Minter, are so inspirational to me.
At the core of 'Star Trek' is Gene Roddenberry's vision of the future. So much of science-fiction is about a dystopian society with human civilization having crumbled. He had an affirmative, shining, positive view of the future.
Human spirit is the ability to face the uncertainty of the future with curiosity and optimism. It is the belief that problems can be solved, differences resolved. It is a type of confidence. And it is fragile. It can be blackened by fear and superstition.
I have the ability and to have access to and to learn more in different areas in wellness and health because I have the door open to me to any doctor, any scientist, any hospital, any study around the world. I believe it's my responsibility to share that information with others.
To me, sadness and humor aren't disrelated and humor is the best tool I've had against the sadness in my life.
I love Future. 'Turn on the Lights' is the best song ever. You can cry to it. You can relate to it.
The first sign of corruption in a society that is still alive is that the end justifies the means.
Experience: that most brutal of teachers. But you learn, my God do you learn.
From my youngest brother to immigrant women to black queer folks, those are the people who keep me going. When I think about their various acts of courage, it reminds me that I am not alone and that we can do even more, and we deserve more, so we have to keep going.
Homeland or death! Socialism or death! We shall overcome!
The only time you had blacks, whites, and Latinos jamming together was in hip-hop. It's an unsung history.
To me, personally, an ideal society would be a world where only I and those I care for exist.
Oftentimes, my career as a model is based around glamour or creating a fantasy world. That in itself is not a bad thing, as I think art and inspiration has its place in society.
You're in pretty good shape for the shape you are in.
I respect music, I do. I love it.
I thank God for blessing me with the tools that he blessed me with to be where I am.
I will respect the limits of my experience but that won't stop me from trying to lead by example of my work. Being a good teammate and picking them up on and off the field is a simple goal of mine.
God has never, in the history of mankind, allowed his name to go long offended.
One can never speak enough of the virtues, the dangers, the power of shared laughter.
I had looked at dating sites and niche communities like BlackPlanet, AsianAvenue, and MiGente, as well as Friendster, and I thought, 'They're thinking way too small.'
This is a paradox of man: compared to God, man is nothing; yet we are everything to God.
Wherever I go with my life, even the good times and the bad parts, only two people are with me: God and my music.
Dreams can become a reality when we possess a vision that is characterized by the willingness to work hard, a desire for excellence, and a belief in our right and our responsiblity to be equal members of society.
The doctor of the future will give no medicine but will instruct his patient in the care of the human frame, in diet, and the cause and prevention of disease.
The future doesn't just happen. We are building it, and we are building it all the time.
Scientists tend to come in two stripes: those who have tremendous appetite and aptitude for the details, and those who illuminate the big picture. Sagan was definitely in the latter category, and he was profoundly good at it. He made connections that others did not have the intellectual breadth or courage to make.
In the future, I'd like to continue being honest with myself and admit when I'd be better off asking someone else to illustrate my writing.
Evolution is unobservable. It's based on blind faith in a few dry bones and on unreliable dating systems in which the gullible trust. Kids should be allowed to make up their own minds about this issue, and not be censored to 'one side is all we will let you hear.'
All art is exorcism. I paint dreams and visions too; the dreams and visions of my time. Painting is the effort to produce order; order in yourself. There is much chaos in me, much chaos in our time.
The first principle of contract negotiations is don't remind them of what you did in the past - tell them what you're going to do in the future.
Since losing my health, I also feel strongly about making each new day worthwhile.
I have the best roommates in the world! It creates a fun sense of family... and that's really important to me. Things can get so lonely without it.
A war still rages over the legacy of the 1960s.
Wisdom, prudence, forethought, these are essential. But not second to these that noble courage which adventures the right, and leaves the consequences to God.
We were a family who had come from nothing and now we had respect from French people of all sorts.
The courage of a soldier is found to be the cheapest and most common quality of human nature.
I used to spend my holidays there in my grandparents' large family house, with my numerous cousins. When I die, I am going to be buried in the village cemetery.
Not drunk is he who from the floor - Can rise alone and still drink more; But drunk is They, who prostrate lies, Without the power to drink or rise.
I wanted to start a revolution, using art to build the sort of society I myself envisioned.
It takes great courage to be vulnerable. It takes enormous strength to be a real woman.
The aim of God in history is the creation of an all-inclusive community of loving persons with God himself at the very heart of this community as its prime Sustainer and most glorious Inhabitant.
To the extent that the judicial profession becomes the daily routine of deciding cases on the most secure precedents and the narrowest grounds available, the judicial mind atrophies and its perspective shrinks.
I often wonder what I will be remembered in history for. Scholar? Military hero? Builder?
I don't know where streaming will go in the future. The analytics that we're seeing tell us that streaming is the next thing, and downloads are going down. I feel like with the history of this platform, from vinyl to where we are now, it just seems like the next logical step.
The most important thing in the world is family and love.
The biggest void that people can have in their lives is a sense of humor. Spending your life with someone who doesn't have that wouldn't be palatable.
Meditation on inevitable death should be performed daily. Every day one should meditate on being carried away by surging waves, falling from thousand-foot cliffs, dying of disease.
There are no guarantees in life, but I believe faith provides all of us with a foundation to live the best lives possible - knowing that there is a higher being who loves us and will never leave us. Through the many struggles in my life, my faith is sometimes the only thing I have to hold onto. God was my only friend.
Any attempts at humor immediately after September 11th were deemed tasteless.
Humor is probably the most significant characteristics of the human mind. Far more significant than reason. In fact, reason is actually a very cheap commodity.
Beware of endeavoring to become a great man in a hurry. One such attempt in ten thousand may succeed. These are fearful odds.
With respect to the northeastern boundary of the United States, no official correspondence between this Government and that of Great Britain has passed since that communicated to Congress toward the close of their last session.
If a lot of people gripped a knife and fork the way they do a golf club, they'd starve to death.
A transition to clean energy is about making an investment in our future.
The earth we abuse and the living things we kill will, in the end, take their revenge; for in exploiting their presence we are diminishing our future.
Our culture, language, history, and values are vital to uniting us as a nation.
If you can lie, you can act, and if you can lie to crazy girlfriends, you can act under pressure.
I like to think of myself as the people's pop star a little bit. I respect Lady Gaga so much, and I love what she does, but she has this kind of mysterious, out-of-reach thing. I'm just not that - as much as I'd love to have that sort of mystique, I think I'm kind of an open book.
It's all about togetherness and to pay the other the necessary respect. If you do that, then we all would feel better. It is not always a taking but also a giving in both directions.
It's a really deep and layered psychological situation - making music with someone - if they're trying to make something real and personal. It's almost like dating: you allow yourself to be consumed by the other - not in a bad way, but in a way that happens in nature.
Had we lived I should have had a tale to tell of the hardihood, endurance and courage of my companions which would have stirred the heart of every Englishman. These rough notes and our dead bodies must tell the tale.
We can make a commitment to promote vegetables and fruits and whole grains on every part of every menu. We can make portion sizes smaller and emphasize quality over quantity. And we can help create a culture - imagine this - where our kids ask for healthy options instead of resisting them.
Thank God I never got in a fight. All of the jock dudes hated me, but all of their girlfriends thought I was nice so they wouldn't touch me. It was infuriating to them.
The future is something which everyone reaches at the rate of 60 minutes an hour, whatever he does, whoever he is.
I got a bright future ahead of me.
I enjoy art, architecture, museums, churches and temples; anything that gives me insight into the history and soul of the place I'm in. I can also be a beach bum - I like to laze in the shade of a palm tree with a good book or float in a warm sea at sundown.
Australia is a nation of compassion. Courage and compassion. And the third of these great values: resilience.
I've said this over and over, but I'll say it a million more times - I'm concerned more about the death of a bee than I am about terrorism. Because we're losing hives and bees by the millions because of such strong pesticides.
Be brave and be fearless, and for God's sake, stand up for yourself.
You cannot believe in God until you believe in yourself.
I hang out with the 'nerdy' people - they have a different sense of humor than most kids.
There is no easy walk to freedom anywhere, and many of us will have to pass through the valley of the shadow of death again and again before we reach the mountaintop of our desires.
As I've told Tyler, there's not a really easy place between being single and being married for us now. We're just so busy that the logistics of our career make dating impossible. I think I'll find a girl at some point that makes all of the extra work and effort that needs to be put into it worth it. But for right now, I just date my drums.
I am not excited about Bitcoin. I think it's an outrage that, in an era of global warming, there are racks of servers next to the Columbia River. I wish I could explain to the salmon that we've created a dam generating hydroelectric power so that we can generate a fake currency.
In the first weeks after Hiroshima, extravagant statements by President Truman and other official spokesmen for the U.S. government transformed the inception of the atomic age into the most mythologized event in American history.
A man must dream a long time in order to act with grandeur, and dreaming is nursed in darkness.
When eating an elephant take one bite at a time.
That future depends on the values of self-government, our sense of duty, loyalty, self-confidence and regard for the common good. We are a diverse country, and getting more diverse. And these virtues are what keep this great country together.
What I would like to see is sufficiently good education and health services being delivered to Aboriginal people so that they are prepared and ready to leave and join the economic mainstream if that's their choice.
I think my greatest virtue is that I have the courage to take tough decisions. As for my greatest fault, I guess I should be a little tougher. The feedback I get always is that I am not as tough and demanding as I should be.
I think God gave us senses of humor, and we should use them.
I can't wait for my little sisters to start dating, because it will really be fun to pick on their boyfriends.
Courage: Great Russian word, fit for the songs of our children's children, pure on their tongues, and free.
To write is a relief from life's problems. It is a way in which you revenge yourself. In art, the writer achieves utopia. But any attempt to achieve social utopia is bound to catastrophe. If you want a society of saints, the result is hell, repression, totalitarianism, and persecution.
Are you kidding? I'm a terrible cook, but John is a really great one. Literally, I never cook. The whole time we were dating, I prepared two officially romantic meals. Both of them were such disasters that he begs me never to go into the kitchen again.
I'm considered homophobic and crazy about these things and old fashioned. But I think that the family - father, mother, children - is fundamental to our civilisation.
Someone who has experienced trauma also has gifts to offer all of us - in their depth, their knowledge of our universal vulnerability, and their experience of the power of compassion.
Act like you expect to get into the end zone.
That's the funny thing about time. It is only in looking back that it's easy to connect the dots. To see exactly why everything needed to happen the way that it did.
We live in the kind of society where, in almost all cases, hard work is rewarded.
My legacy would be that you don't have to give up anything. You can be chic but have a sense of humor, you can be sexy but comfortable, you can be timeless but fresh.
So, I've got to have food, I've got to have humor. But these things are just the way in to what the show's really about, I think, which is connecting with the people.
I'm pretty much a good Catholic girl at heart and I believe in family. I also have a basic belief that God takes care of me. I believe in prayer, even though I'm not that religious. I just have that foundation from my family. I mean when you think that you're just a human being and one of God's creatures, you can't take anything that seriously.
Do not lose courage in considering your own imperfections.
There are precedents for what happens when societies allow the divide between rich and poor to get so huge that it stops being funny and starts becoming a sick, blood-boiling joke. If you had a Tardis, you could go back to 1917 and ask the Russian royal family how it was all going.
Everything that happens is meant to be. It's meant to happen like that. But sometimes you don't know at the time that it's meant to be disaster.
We are too quickly losing important landscapes in this country to development - and I worry that if we do not act to protect them now, future generations will grow up in a profoundly different world.
I believe that parents need to make nutrition education a priority in their home environment. It's crucial for good health and longevity to instill in your children sound eating habits from an early age.
Pale death, with impartial step, knocks at the hut of the poor and the towers of kings.
Acting is just a way of making a living, the family is life.
I'd be happy to live till 80 as long as I was comfortable and in good health. Mind you, ask me again on the eve of my 80th birthday. Even so, I hope we don't all start living to be 120. I'm not sure I'd cope with another 60 years.
Poetry is finer and more philosophical than history; for poetry expresses the universal, and history only the particular.
I love the simplicity, the ingredients, the culture, the history and the seasonality of Italian cuisine. In Italy people do not travel. They cook the way grandma did, using fresh ingredients and what is available in season.
I like being a Baha'i who has an out-there sense of humor. God gives us talents and faculties, and making people laugh is one of mine.
America's health care system is in crisis precisely because we systematically neglect wellness and prevention.
I am confident that nobody... will accuse me of selfishness if I ask to spend time, while I am still in good health, with my family, my friends and also with myself.
The first Superman film took up a huge chunk of our lives, but it was a wonderful time for us. We were young, my daughter was little, we were filming in London for a year, so we became like a close family.
I was always silly in high school. I used to always get in trouble because I was laughing. I've always thought I was funny but never thought I could use it to make money. In 1996, I decided I was going to use my humor to get on TV to make money.
A joke's a very serious thing.
I've spent half my life in gyms, if not more, and I love physical fitness and health; couple that with the fact that I love for people to be healthy, whether it's mentally, physically, or emotionally, and it's just a great opportunity for me to do something I love and have an impact on people's health.
I've never tried to pass myself off as anything more than a comedian who wrote a dating book.
My platform has been to reach reluctant readers. And one of the best ways I found to motivate them is to connect them with reading that interests them, to expand the definition of reading to include humor, science fiction/fantasy, nonfiction, graphic novels, wordless books, audio books and comic books.
How much we need, in the church and in society, witnesses of the beauty of holiness, witnesses of the splendour of truth, witnesses of the joy and freedom born of a living relationship with Christ!
It is remarkable that this people, though unarmed, dares attack an armed foe; the infantry defy the cavalry, and by their activity and courage generally prove victors.
The content of most textbooks is perishable, but the tools of self-directedness serve one well over time.
Vulnerability is the essence of romance. It's the art of being uncalculated, the willingness to look foolish, the courage to say, 'This is me, and I'm interested in you enough to show you my flaws with the hope that you may embrace me for all that I am but, more important, all that I am not.'
Well, the future for me is already a thing of the past.
I'm the kind of person who wants the people around me to be comfortable, to laugh, and to have a fabulous time - I want them to be as happy as I am.
Comedy has to be based on truth. You take the truth and you put a little curlicue at the end.
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!
I started dating JD Samson from Le Tigre, and suddenly I was listening to more up-tempo music and old dance music, like ESG and Gang of Four, and I thought, 'Wow. This is fun.'
Time is a finite resource that you can't get back. I have the same 24 hours you have, and you get the same 24 hours as me. As you rise, so does you chance for opportunity.
I have a wish for world peace and the truth. I would like to see a society that will bring happiness to all life forms. Of course, to the Nazis, I appear a rebel, but to the rebels, I appear like a normal person from Venus.
Creativity is not merely the innocent spontaneity of our youth and childhood; it must also be married to the passion of the adult human being, which is a passion to live beyond one's death.
Let the refining and improving of your own life keep you so busy that you have little time to criticize others.
The thing I liked most about 'Lois & Clark,' we were a fun show. Some of the later 'Superman' stuff is so dark, but I prefer 'Superman' to be a character of light and hope. I prefer the lighter romance and humor.
Some people call it the 'Al Jazeera spirit' - courage, re-thinking authority, giving a voice to the voiceless. We have never been favored by the authority. The human being is the center of our editorial policy. We are not a TV station that rushes after stars, big names, press conferences, hand-shake journalism.
Power ought to serve as a check to power.
Having patience is one of the hardest things about being human. We want to do it now, and we don't want to wait. Sometimes we miss out on our blessing when we rush things and do it on our own time.
The death tax is unfair, inefficient, economically unsound and, frankly, immoral.
Society is fast - fast food, fast cars, fast everything.
Pugnacity is a form of courage, but a very bad form.
What we need to do is always lean into the future; when the world changes around you and when it changes against you - what used to be a tail wind is now a head wind - you have to lean into that and figure out what to do because complaining isn't a strategy.
I do not know myself, and God forbid that I should.
I still have a crush on Johnny Depp, and I literally only started dating my husband because he looked like Johnny Depp - and he knows that. We've been together for twelve years, and he still looks like Johnny Depp.
Human life moves only in one direction - toward disease, damage, and death. The best you can hope for is to remain stagnant or, in certain cases, return to a previous condition when things weren't as bad as they've become for you.
When one is the type of writer who cares about the meaning of the historically specific setting, the history itself is not something that I would call backdrop. It's not window dressing for a timeless relationship about love and betrayal. For me, the setting and the specific history are active co-agents with me in trying to form the novel.
If God is pleased in making you sick and unhappy, I hate God.
No matter what people tell you, words and ideas can change the world.
The power of accurate observation is commonly called cynicism by those who have not got it.
I think my sense of humor is Jewish. I'm smarter than most white people, which is kind of a Jewish thing, too.
The essence of Government is power; and power, lodged as it must be in human hands, will ever be liable to abuse.
The 1960s were about releasing ourselves from conventional society and freeing ourselves.
After all, the past is our only real guide to the future, and historical analogies are instruments for distilling and organizing the past and converting it to a map by which we can navigate.
No, God does not need us to love Him. But oh, how we need to love God! For what we love determines what we seek. What we seek determines what we think and do. What we think and do determines who we are - and who we will become.
A man whose life has been dishonourable is not entitled to escape disgrace in death.
There is a role and function for beauty in our time.
Innovations in science and technology are the engines of the 21st-century economy; if you care about the wealth and health of your nation tomorrow, then you'd better rethink how you allocate taxes to fund science. The federal budget needs to recognize this.
People with courage and character always seem sinister to the rest.
Governments have never learned anything from history, or acted on principles deducted from it.
Let the future tell the truth, and evaluate each one according to his work and accomplishments. The present is theirs; the future, for which I have really worked, is mine.
Harriet Washington, in 'Medical Apartheid: The Dark History of Medical Experimentation on Black Americans from Colonial Times to the Present,' documents the smallpox experiments Thomas Jefferson performed on his Monticello slaves. In fact, much of what we now think of as public health emerged from the slave system.
Control your own destiny or someone else will.
A lot of the powerful religious leaders, from Jesus to Buddha to Tibetan monks, they're really talking about the same things: love and acceptable, and the value of friendship, and respecting yourself so you can respect others.
Solitude is better than the society of evil persons.
If you have a great product but no one knows about it, it's history.
The problem with the stigma around mental health is really about the stories that we tell ourselves as a society. What is normal? That's just a story that we tell ourselves.
Experience hath shewn, that even under the best forms of government those entrusted with power have, in time, and by slow operations, perverted it into tyranny.
There must be right and wrong answers to questions of morality and values that potentially fall within the purview of science. On this view, some people and cultures will be right (to a greater or lesser degree), and some will be wrong, with respect to what they deem important in life.
All us got a due date. All us got a death sentence. One day, we gonna die.
Everyone in the dating business wants to know what women want - it's the billion-dollar question. But it's simple: put one in charge, and you find out.
Humor is rare in science fiction... there's so little of it that it automatically reminds you of other heroes with that acerbic humor when you find it.
This CD became something of a personal journey for me. The tone of the whole CD is uplifting and inspirational. It's an upper. We have enough downers in the world.
But history is neither watchmaking nor cabinet construction. It is an endeavor toward better understanding.
Funny is a good foil. Humor is illuminating, and it also gives you power.
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door.
I am intrigued by inanimate objects. They're a piece of history, someone's statement and ideas of life.
Hope for the best, survive the worst, find humor wherever you can.
In a democratic society, nothing will ever receive unanimous support. The way to deal with this is to empower elected governments and ensure that they answer to voters, not to give a veto to those who are the loudest or most willing to protest or break the law.
To this day, I've found that it doesn't matter what a guy looks like if he's really funny. His sense of humor makes him attractive. On the other hand, you don't hear men saying, 'No she's not pretty, but is she ever funny!'
Give a little love to a child, and you get a great deal back.
The pocket square, properly contrived, finishes a man's look. With good tailoring and well chosen neckwear, the look connotes power, taste, refinement, manners. The naked pocket connotes the opposite: working class, tasteless, base, crude, ignorant.
There are things that you cannot talk to your mother and father about, there are things that you cannot talk to your children about.
I think the Canadian sense of humor is dryer than America's and juicier than Britain's. I think it's a cross between the two of them, really.
I wish I did have time to relax, but I'm a Virgo and it's just not in me.
Once we realize the extraordinary power we have to compose our lives, we'll move from passive, conditioned thinking to being co-creators of our fate.
You think about the legacy that you leave behind, and I've been very fortunate to be part of a very successful team, but I think the fight for equal pay and respect is something that goes beyond the field. I think it is very important, something that I'm very willing to take on to help the generations that come behind me.
The waltz is a very important part of my life. It's a very important way for me to express my positiveness, bringing humor to the world.
Nature is the art of God.
Ah, but a man's reach should exceed his grasp, Or what's a heaven for?
My faith teaches that life is sacred. That's why I personally oppose the death penalty. But I take my oath of office seriously, and I'll enforce the death penalty... because it's the law.
But I know that trying to black out my past with oblivion will just damage my future. I made the decision to stop running from my fears, and to walk slowly and deliberately towards self-nurture, self-respect, and better mental and physical health.
I grew up in a very religious family. I could read the Qu'ran easily at the age of five.
As in biomedical science, pioneering industrial inventions have not been mothered by necessity. Rather, inventions for which there was no commercial use only later became the commercial airplanes, xerography and lasers on which modern society depends.
The political system is broken, the economy is broken and so is society. That is why people are so depressed about the state of our country.
Society does not consist of individuals but expresses the sum of interrelations, the relations within which these individuals stand.
I love Sell Out, I think it's great. I love the jingles. The whole thing as an album is a wonderful piece of work. The cover. Everything about it. It's got humor, great songs, irony.
Mixing humor and politics is something that works.
Black history is a series of missing chapters from British history. I'm trying to put those bits back in.
Because with courage and conviction I believe we can deliver a more flexible, adaptable and open European Union in which the interests and ambitions of all its members can be met.
The Wedding March has a bit of a death march in it.
Martin Luther King, Jr. Day is a time to honor the greatest champion of racial equality who taught a nation - through compassion and courage - about democracy, nonviolence and racial justice.
I like to behave in an extremely normal, wholesome manner for the most part in my daily life. Even if mentally I'm consumed with sick visions of violence, terror, sex and death.
Power is action; the electoral principle is discussion. No political action is possible when discussion is permanently established.
I was expelled from school at 14, and whilst everyone else was studying for their GCSEs, I got a membership for that gym, and I just started lifting weights. So while everyone else was in school, I was in the gym sort of bulking up, and when I got to 17, I got a full time job.
Time is an illusion. Time only exists when we think about the past and the future. Time doesn't exist in the present here and now.
Blush pink is a timeless, classy, and soft color that all of us can rock any time of year!
To my young friends out there: Life can be great, but not when you can't see it. So, open your eyes to life: to see it in the vivid colors that God gave us as a precious gift to His children, to enjoy life to the fullest, and to make it count. Say yes to your life.
This is the key to time management - to see the value of every moment.
We're made for the light of a cave and for twilight. Twilight is the time we see best. When we dim the light down, and the pupil opens, feeling comes out of the eye like touch. Then you really can feel colour, and experience it.
Sometimes when people start dating a hot piece, they take on some of their boo's characteristics unintentionally.
Civilization is unbearable, but it is less unbearable at the top.
Life is divided into three terms - that which was, which is, and which will be. Let us learn from the past to profit by the present, and from the present, to live better in the future.
With all due respect, I don't think that having eight-pack abs or 21-inch biceps matter.
If you say that your national law allows you to do something, it is fine as long as you do this inside your own territory. As long as you go international, you really have to be sure that there is an international law which you respect and which you follow.
A women who doesn't wear perfume has no future.
Taxes are what we pay for civilized society, for modernity, and for prosperity. The wealthy pay more because they have benefitted more.
I think it is important that we respect that women have different political views.
It's a bit harder being on TV. I would be open to finding dates through Facebook or Instagram though, does that count? I do love flicking through profiles on my friend's dating apps though!
Give me liberty or give me death.
If we provide quality education to one generation, poverty will automatically be eradicated from society.
I hate the way they portray us in the media. If you see a black family it says they're looting, if you see a white family it says they're looking for food.
I believe in Jesus Christ as my Lord and savior. I believe that Jesus died for my sins, and rose again, and that's my belief. I still don't know what 'Christian' means. I'm a follower of Christ, but I keep making a whole bunch of mistakes. And I thank God for forgiveness.
If you get a diagnosis, get on a therapy, keep a good attitude and keep your sense of humor.
The E.U. is more than just a trade organization or a common market; it is a guarantee of democracy, freedom, justice, and human rights. Nations cannot stay in the E.U. if they do not respect these guarantees.
Sometimes - history needs a push.
I really am focused on making sure we're doing everything we can so every single person in our country... has the right to thrive... and live in a just and equitable society.
I'm not really big on slapstick humor. I like gentle humor.
We are made to know and love God.
The events in our lives happen in a sequence in time, but in their significance to ourselves they find their own order the continuous thread of revelation.
I believe in honesty and integrity, having a belief system that you've thought through and then stick to. I believe in being creative and contributing, and I believe in taking a stand against injustice that you encounter in everyday life and not being idle in that respect.
History is Philosophy teaching by example.
I am prepared to meet my Maker. Whether my Maker is prepared for the great ordeal of meeting me is another matter.
We peruse one ideal, that of bringing people together in peace, irrespective of race, religion and political convictions, for the benefit of mankind.
Encouragement to others is something everyone can give. Somebody needs what you have to give. It may not be your money; it may be your time. It may be your listening ear. It may be your arms to encourage. It may be your smile to uplift. Who knows?
My favorite kind of humor is basically, if it was happening to you, it wouldn't be funny, but to observe it, it's hilarious.
I love poking fun at myself. I have a rather mean sense of humor.
The secret of my influence has always been that it remained secret.
There are a group of people who would like to silence everybody and have everybody go along to get along, but that's not going to be very helpful for us in the long run, in terms of solving our problems. And somebody has to be courageous enough to actually stand up to, you know, the bullies.
As one of the first African-Americans to be out on a reality program, MTV's 'The Real World: Philadelphia,' I understand the courage it takes to live your truth on a national platform, the importance it holds to LGBT communities of color, and the power it has to create a greater conversation within American culture.
The value of beauty and inspiration is very much underrated, no question. But I want to be clear: I'm not trying to be anyone's savior. I'm just trying to think about the future and not be sad.
I do find the sibling connection endlessly fascinating, as I do all family dynamics. I like how siblings seem to create their own parentless mini-civilization within a family, one that has its own laws, myths, language, humor, its own loyalties and treacheries.
Music became a healer for me. And I learned to listen with all my being. I found that it could wipe away all the emotions of fear and confusion relating to my family.
Even the simplest wicker basket can become priceless when it is loved and cared for through the generations of a family.
The future which we hold in trust for our own children will be shaped by our fairness to other people's children.
The natural liberty of man is to be free from any superior power on Earth, and not to be under the will or legislative authority of man, but only to have the law of nature for his rule.
To be idle is a short road to death and to be diligent is a way of life; foolish people are idle, wise people are diligent.
Childbirth changed my perception of my wife. She was now the bloodied special forces soldier who had fought and risked everything for our family.
The people respect and believe in men who fulfill their duty.
Men naturally despise those who court them, but respect those who do not give way to them.
Those who knew Lincoln described him as an extraordinarily funny man. Humor was an essential aspect of his temperament. He laughed, he explained, so he did not weep.
Basketball is my passion, I love it. But my family and friends mean everything to me. That's what's important. I need my phone so I can keep in contact with them at all times.
Do not ghettoize society by putting people into legal categories of gender, race, ethnicity, language, or other such characteristics.
If you're talking to a man who wouldn't fight with you under any circumstances whatsoever, then you're talking to someone for whom you have absolutely no respect.
The truth is: Belonging starts with self-acceptance. Your level of belonging, in fact, can never be greater than your level of self-acceptance, because believing that you're enough is what gives you the courage to be authentic, vulnerable and imperfect.
God writes the Gospel not in the Bible alone, but also on trees, and in the flowers and clouds and stars.
In all our deeds, the proper value and respect for time determines success or failure.
Everything happens to everybody sooner or later if there is time enough.
I'm not old-fashioned when it comes to dating, but there's something nice about a guy pulling out a girl's chair and opening the door for her, even if it's just in the beginning.
You can't be scared of death. When that time comes, it comes.
The truth is of course is that there is no journey. We are arriving and departing all at the same time.
My happiest moments are when I'm with my family and when I go to the park at school with my friends.
If I said it once, I'll say it again: 'We have the power to change everything.'
I love those who yearn for the impossible.
I love my family, I'll do anything for them.
God grant me the courage not to give up what I think is right even though I think it is hopeless.
I respect the Pantera fans with all my heart.
The man in our society is the breadwinner; the woman has enough to do as the homemaker, wife and mother.
The romantic love we feel toward the opposite sex is probably one extra help from God to bring you together, but that's it. All the rest of it, the true love, is the test.
Culture is the intersection of people and life itself. It's how we deal with life, love, death, birth, disappointment... all of that is expressed in culture.
We need to look to the future. You can't come up with new things unless you constantly forget the past. There's no reason to keep wearing the same pair of pants.
Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future.
I realize that humor isn't for everyone. It's only for people who want to have fun, enjoy life, and feel alive.
If I have free time, I want to go to the beach, walk around a shopping mall, go grocery shopping. Live a little bit of life.
I'm a huge Muppets fan. Gigantic. I think they're genius. I think they're some of the best work out there and completely underrated, just because of how genius they are. I love that kind of humor. It's so innocent but brilliant.
Everyone has to have a sense of duty. A duty to society, to their family. I mean, you name it.
If history and science have taught us anything, it is that passion and desire are not the same as truth.
I am attracted to intelligence, a witty sense of humor, an adventurous outlook on life and spiritual awareness about one's self and the world.
I think the American Dream says that anything can happen if you work hard enough at it and are persistent, and have some ability. The sky is the limit to what you can build, and what can happen to you and your family.
Drinking water to quench thirst instead of sugar-sweetened beverages is important for weight control, and overall health.
Education is simply the soul of a society as it passes from one generation to another.
Whatever woman I love... I gotta love her. She might be a hood rat, but she's gotta have respect for my mother.
I never get bored. There isn't enough time in the day for me.
Death may be the greatest of all human blessings.
Tackle the difficult things first in the morning; make changes in the way you network. Treat everyone with respect and dignity. This stops you from cynicism and negativity. End your day with that same attitude you started. Renew your contract with a day well completed.
English language is the most universal language in history, way more than the Latin of Julius Caesar. It's the most punderful language because its vocabulary has a certain critical mass that makes a lingo good for punning.
Courage is very important. Like a muscle, it is strengthened by use.
If you do not think about your future, you cannot have one.
It is my hope that as we commemorate Black History Month in the future, we will continue to celebrate the many achievements and rich culture of African-Americans.
When people accept breaking the law as normal, something happens to the whole society.
That men do not learn very much from the lessons of history is the most important of all the lessons of history.
History is the only true teacher, the revolution the best school for the proletariat.
I don't like going out on a date unless I know the broad a little bit beforehand. By the way, 'broad' to me is not a detrimental term for women; it's simply another word for female. Anyway, I don't really go out a whole lot, because there aren't many girls I like to take out and spend a whole evening with - at least not an evening in public.
I've always been drawn to the idea that small choices in our lives could have drastic effects on our future.
The criminal justice system is not the right place - or it shouldn't be the place of first resort to provide addiction or mental health services. It should happen elsewhere with no police and no judges and no juries and no jails.
I've seen the future and it's much like the present only longer.
Anytime you have the opportunity to do any kind of story that is based on a true story, I think those are the most inspirational.
He that fails in his endeavors after wealth or power will not long retain either honesty or courage.
In societies that profess some respect for law, suspects are apprehended and brought to fair trial. I stress 'suspects.'
The super power that I would choose would be compassion. Because that's what I think it takes to make it through life-an understanding, a give and take. It saves an awful lot of resentment.
We live in a society that wants to label you with a color, sexuality, religion, or ethnicity. It divides us, but it also allows us to find pride in our identity.
I've often said that all poetry is political. This is because real poems deal with a human response to reality and politics is part of reality, history in the making. Even if a poet writes about sitting in a glass house drinking tea, it reflects politics.
Burning desire to be or do something gives us staying power - a reason to get up every morning or to pick ourselves up and start in again after a disappointment.
After your death you will be what you were before your birth.
I am the baby in the family, and I always will be. I am actually very happy to have that position. But I still get teased. I don't mind that.
Washington is broken. Bailing out Wall Street with no strings attached while leaving middle class Arkansas taxpayers with the bill. Protecting insurance company profits instead of patients and lowering health costs.
We never respect those who amuse us, however we may smile at their comic powers.
I believe that architecture is fundamentally a public space where people can gather and communicate, think about the history, think about the lives of human beings, or the world.
Places where prostitution is legal, you find much better health care, fewer cases of disease and illegal abortions. There's really nothing to be gained by keeping prostitution illegal.
Lost wealth may be replaced by industry, lost knowledge by study, lost health by temperance or medicine, but lost time is gone forever.
Money is catching up to the technological trends transforming all aspects of society and business; entertainment, insurance, health-care, gaming, leisure, retail - all commercial and social verticals are going digital - including money itself.
Nothing is a waste of time if you use the experience wisely.
Knowledge is the most democratic source of power.
The power of prayer and faith in God is something that has guided so many of us in good times and bad.
I was 19 when my father died from a heart attack. He was a 55-year-old college professor and had led what was by all appearances a risk-free life. But he was overweight, and heart disease runs in our family.
In the same way the sun never grows weary of shining, nor a stream of flowing, it is God's nature to keep His promises. Therefore, go immediately to His throne and say, 'Do as You promised.'
Physical courage, which despises all danger, will make a man brave in one way; and moral courage, which despises all opinion, will make a man brave in another.
Work takes up a lot of my brain space. So when I work, it's one thing. I don't have a lot of time to think about dating.
History has taught us over and over again that freedom is not free. When push comes to shove, the ultimate protectors of freedom and liberty are the brave men and women in our armed forces. Throughout our history, they've answered the call in bravery and sacrifice.
This world belongs to all of us, and all sexes should be able to live in respect and harmony.
It's a courageous thing to do something that doesn't have rules or limits.
It's always refreshing to step into another time.
I don't know what effect these men will have upon the enemy, but, by God, they frighten me.
Someday I want to be rich. Some people get so rich they lose all respect for humanity. That's how rich I want to be.
Love and death are the two great hinges on which all human sympathies turn.
The closer food looks to the way it is in nature, the better you can tell that it's nutritious, and a good part of a healthful diet, which along with exercise can promote overall health.
There are no greater treasures than the highest human qualities such as compassion, courage and hope. Not even tragic accident or disaster can destroy such treasures of the heart.
Time heals everything. Time corrects everything. Time is the solution to every problem, I believe. A lot of things can happen with time. All that has to be there is the intention.
I like grit. I like love and death. I'm tired of irony.
Most people are prisoners, thinking only about the future or living in the past. They are not in the present, and the present is where everything begins.
The Occupy movement did create spontaneously communities that taught people something: you can be in a supportive community of mutual aid and cooperation and develop your own health system and library and have open space for democratic discussion and participation. Communities like that are really important.
It is not power that corrupts but fear. Fear of losing power corrupts those who wield it and fear of the scourge of power corrupts those who are subject to it.
Outside of the cross of Jesus Christ, there is no hope in this world. That cross and resurrection at the core of the Gospel is the only hope for humanity. Wherever you go, ask God for wisdom on how to get that Gospel in, even in the toughest situations of life.
It's good to be able to laugh at yourself and the problems you face in life. Sense of humor can save you.
I would probably work with Drake as he is massively inspirational to me as a writer as well as an artist. If not him, then Susan Boyle!
I suppose I was a little bit of what would be called today a nerd. I didn't have girlfriends, and really I wasn't a very social boy.
Time is not measured by the passing of years but by what one does, what one feels, and what one achieves.
My favorite movie is 'The Outlaw Josey Wales' with Clint Eastwood, a guy who gets his family killed by the bad guys then goes on a journey of revenge, eventually discovering himself - very existential.
Education is a human right with immense power to transform. On its foundation rest the cornerstones of freedom, democracy and sustainable human development.
True happiness involves the full use of one's power and talents.
I tried to go out for theater or theater arts, but I was too scared or too intimidated. But I had a lot of friends on the cross country team that had great senses of humor.
Of course fear does not automatically lead to courage. Injury does not necessarily lead to insight. Hardship will not automatically make us better. Pain can break us or make us wiser. Suffering can destroy us or make us stronger. Fear can cripple us, or it can make us more courageous. It is resilience that makes the difference.
Death is the separation of soul from body.
I don't believe in the term 'guilty pleasure,' because it implies I should feel ashamed for liking something. A real guilty pleasure would be, I don't know, taking gratification in some stranger's ghastly death or something - which I guess I do enjoy, because I read a ton of true crime.
You never say never. There's always a chance to do things in the future.
Medicare and Social Security have created the healthiest and most financially secure generation of senior citizens in American history.
It is a strange fact that freedom and equality, the two basic ideas of democracy, are to some extent contradictory. Logically considered, freedom and equality are mutually exclusive, just as society and the individual are mutually exclusive.
Education is the investment our generation makes in the future.
For it pleased God, after he had made all things by the word of his power, to create man after his own image.
I told our employees several times, 'Let's focus on the end user, let's focus on committing to society, and focus on the crisis and doing the right thing, show our corporate social responsibility.' Don't focus on marketing and sales. That's horrible culture.
I've discovered that the standard all-American dream of fame and fortune is not success for me. Success for me is simply the joy of working - doing good work - and then bringing that joy home to my family. But if what I do in my work doesn't enrich my life with my family, I'm doing the wrong thing.
Any problem, big or small, within a family, always seems to start with bad communication. Someone isn't listening.
As you get older, the questions come down to about two or three. How long? And what do I do with the time I've got left?
I think that we should be eternally vigilant against attempts to check the expression of opinions that we loathe and believe to be fraught with death, unless they so imminently threaten immediate interference with the lawful and pressing purposes of the law that an immediate check is required to save the country.
My personal goals are to be happy, healthy and to be surrounded by loved ones.
Happiness is nothing but good health and freedom, and money is the single best way you can buy your freedom.
I was born in a very poor family. I used to sell tea in a railway coach as a child. My mother used to wash utensils and do lowly household work in the houses of others to earn a livelihood. I have seen poverty very closely. I have lived in poverty. As a child, my entire childhood was steeped in poverty.
You'll have time to rest when you're dead.
Senator Rubio is uniquely qualified to lead our nation with conviction and courage to tackle the pressing issues of our time, whether it's strengthening our military, ensuring the safety of our people, or lifting the weight of government from our shoulders.
To show that a comedian on stage in India talking about sanitation or in South Africa talking about HIV and AIDS awareness, if you follow the joke into their lives, you can see that, like, oh, these things aren't just contrived in joke books. This is real life. I think the best comedians have that bravery and courage to say, Oh, this is what it is.
The functions of the family in a highly differentiated society are not to be interpreted as functions directly on behalf of the society, but on behalf of personality.
Julia, I promise to love you, to cherish you, in sickness and in health. No matter what, I will be there for you and our family. I promise not to make the social media another member of our family.
Pain is the mind. It's the thoughts of the mind. Then I get rid of the thoughts, and I get in my witness, which is down in my spiritual heart. The witness that witnesses being. Then those particular thoughts that are painful - love them. I love them to death!
When you're young and dating someone, just play it safe and don't try so hard.
Today is reality. Yesterday is history.
Unity is power; without unity women cannot fight for their rights anywhere.
Sicily is a blessed land. First, because of its geographic position in the Mediterranean. Second, for its history and all the different peoples who have settled there: Arabs, Greeks, Normans, the Swedes. That has made us different from others. We exaggerate, we overdo. We love Greek tragedy. We cry, we fight, sometimes for nothing.
Waste no more time arguing about what a good man should be. Be one.
I cannot persuade myself that a beneficent and omnipotent God would have designedly created parasitic wasps with the express intention of their feeding within the living bodies of Caterpillars.
If you are fearful, choose courage. If you frequently procrastinate, choose to take action now. If you have always waited for others to lead, use your own initiative.
Living in the past or living in the future - those aren't real. The moment is now, and that's where safety and comfort and all that good stuff is.
I think the good thing about 'Take Me Out', which is kind of a compliment to us really, is that when it started doing well round about the second series and people started getting into it, all of a sudden every time you turned over a channel there's a new dating show on.
History is the best guide to the future.
The history of New Orleans was always a fascination to me - such a blend of light and darkness and plague and pleasure and hedonism and fear and death. It's just a very, very intriguing city. I have this strange love relationship with it.
Anti-Semitism is not just a problem for Jews; it is a problem for all of our society.
Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum
The exercise of natural rights has no limits but such as will ensure their enjoyment to other members of society.
Walt had a marvelous intuition. And because he understood people very well, liked them and had great respect for people, there was nothing cynical about Walt.
I could prove God statistically. Take the human body alone - the chances that all the functions of an individual would just happen is a statistical monstrosity.
I know it's a cliche. But, like, literally, I want to create an empire of dozens of talent under me to take my power and multiply it so that I become bigger than myself.
I saw a complete lack of courage in Washington to tackle some of our biggest challenges.
When picking my original music, Tina Turner was someone I wanted in my routine because of the strong impact she has had on my life. I admire her courage and resilience.
If I ever completely lost my nervousness I would be frightened half to death.
Humor is by far the most significant activity of the human brain.
Time you enjoy wasting, was not wasted.
I believe that my worth is not measured by what I do, by the honors that are bestowed upon me, or by material wealth that I might obtain. Instead, I am measured by the courage I show while standing for my beliefs, by the dedication I exhibit to ensure my word is good, and the resolve I undertake to establish my actions and deeds as honorable.
TV is so different from the movies. It takes a lot of stamina because you work such long hours. It is really challenging. You are learning the next day's lines while you are shooting today's scenes. I found courage I never realised I had. I hope to do more.
Better to be called something positive and inspirational than something negative.
Early childhood education is the key to the betterment of society.
Math is the great equalizer. If you can do the numbers, the boys have to respect you.
The very word 'secrecy' is repugnant in a free and open society; and we are as a people inherently and historically opposed to secret societies, to secret oaths, and to secret proceedings.
And the greatest lesson that mom ever taught me though was this one. She told me there would be times in your life when you have to choose between being loved and being respected. Now she said to always pick being respected.
In this most powerful nation in the world, lack of access to health care should not force local and state governments, companies and workers into bankruptcy, while causing unnecessary illness and hospitalization.
Crime, money, power, drugs - are all linked.
Humor is everywhere in that there's irony in just about anything a human does.
I think we should look forward to death more than we do. Of course everybody hates to go to bed or miss anything, but dying is really the only chance we'll get to rest.
Bob Hope, like Mark Twain, had a sense of humor that was uniquely American, and like Twain, we'll likely not see another like him.
God is more interested in your future and your relationships than you are.
Education is not a tool for development - individual, community and the nation. It is the foundation for our future. It is empowerment to make choices and emboldens the youth to chase their dreams.
A family spirit is not always synonymous with family life. Bone of our bone and flesh of our flesh makes for brothers, sisters and relatives, who may be as distant as strangers in a foreign land.
The principal factors which influenced my life are 1) nonviolent tactics; 2) constitutional means; 3) democratic procedures; 4) respect for human personality; 5) a belief that all people are one.
Courage is the first of human qualities because it is the quality which guarantees the others.
Sound character provides the power with which a person may ride the emergencies of life instead of being overwhelmed by them. Failure is... the highway to success.
Rule of law is the most important element in any civil society.
My message, especially to young people is to have courage to think differently, courage to invent, to travel the unexplored path, courage to discover the impossible and to conquer the problems and succeed. These are great qualities that they must work towards. This is my message to the young people.
A man should never neglect his family for business.
Perfect courage is to do without witnesses what one would be capable of doing with the world looking on.
Greatness will come by looking forward - untethered from the politics of the past and anchored by our shared values - and by changing our nation's future.
Sorrow is a fruit. God does not make it grow on limbs too weak to bear it.
Epilepsy is a disease in the shadows. Patients are often reluctant to admit their condition - even to close family, friends or co-workers - because there's still a great deal of stigma and mystery surrounding the disease that plagued such historical figures as Julius Caesar, Edgar Allan Poe and Lewis Carroll.
I had three chairs in my house; one for solitude, two for friendship, three for society.
I guess I feel the most powerful when someone tries to take my power or belittle me or insult me, and it doesn't work.
I think, in history, everything is about the remix.
Any people anywhere, being inclined and having the power, have the right to rise up, and shake off the existing government, and form a new one that suits them better. This is a most valuable - a most sacred right - a right, which we hope and believe, is to liberate the world.
Of course, my mom is my biggest and loudest cheerleader, and my family and friends are happy for me, but I'm still just Angie, not Angie-the-author-with-this-hyped-up-book. I appreciate that.
Humor and seriousness are not in opposition to each other.
We can't change the past but we can learn from history and remember the important things - the sacrifices our loved ones made, and the price of our freedom today.
I'm a writer of faith who worries about the intolerance of religion. I look at the past and fear we haven't learned from it. I believe that humanity is capable of evil as well as great acts of courage and goodness. I have hope. Deep down, I believe in the human spirit, although sometimes that belief is shaken.
I'm not afraid of death. It's the stake one puts up in order to play the game of life.
For anybody that grow a beard or have hair on their face, I welcome you to the beard game. We're all family. I encourage that. I encourage beards.
I think there are more good sportswriters doing more good sportswriting than ever before. But I also believe that the one thing that's largely gone out is what made sport such fertile literary territory - the characters, the tales, the humor, the pain, what Hollywood calls 'the arc.'
I stopped dating for six months a year ago. Dating requires a lot of energy and focus.
I have a total irreverence for anything connected with society except that which makes the roads safer, the beer stronger, the food cheaper and the old men and old women warmer in the winter and happier in the summer.
Justifying conscription to promote the cause of liberty is one of the most bizarre notions ever conceived by man! Forced servitude, with the risk of death and serious injury as a price to live free, makes no sense.
When neighbours interact with each other, it is only natural that sometimes they will run into problems of some kind or another. As long as they respect each other, properly manage differences, and pursue mutual benefits, there will be harmonious sound instead of jarring noises.
Luckily for me I have a very supportive family and a loving group of friends.
Faithfulness to the past can be a kind of death above ground. Writing of the past is a resurrection; the past then lives in your words and you are free.
I think people need something to believe in, because they don't want to have control over their own lives. They'd rather be able to blame it on an unknown being, or a greater god, or a greater spirit of sorts. And I think it's easier for them to blame it on that.
When you're confined to a hospital bed, there aren't many appointments you can make. You await visits from friends and family members. You enjoy the coconut ice cream they smuggle in. You tolerate the erratic and invasive visits of doctors and nurses, hoping that one of them will bring you closer to going home.
I don't think kids have a problem with death. It's us older ones who are nearer to it, that start being frightened.
I feel very happy that the society has matured and parents have opened up to their girls studying more and becoming working professionals and becoming bread winners for themselves.
In Jewish history there are no coincidences.
I have very few friends. I have a handful of close friends, and I have my family, and I haven't known life to be any happier.
I'm very open to dating and finding a guy.
'Northern Exposure.' I loved that show; I loved the way it was able to have episodes where somebody finds a woolly mammoth, he calls the museum in New York, they send a guy out, and the mammoth's gone because someone ate it. To me, that was everything I ever wanted to do. That show mixed emotion, humor and the surreal all at once.
Don't worry about the world coming to an end today. It is already tomorrow in Australia.
The nations were awakened from the sleep of death, as the words of eternal life flowed from the Apostles' lips, - the temples of superstition were shut or destroyed, and churches were planted in every part of the civilized world.
Nothing is impossible in this world. Firm determination, it is said, can move heaven and earth. Things appear far beyond one's power, because one cannot set his heart on any arduous project due to want of strong will.
There are great legends and great fighters in the history of Mexico, and there will be more to come.
Whole Foods has a good health care plan.
Descriptive grammar is an attempt to give an account of what the current system is for either a society or an individual, whatever you happen to be studying.
The fall of the Berlin Wall makes for nice pictures. But it all started in the shipyards.
Bands from Akron have a sense of humor and don't tend to take themselves too seriously.
I like dark humor. I think the world is very funny and tragic, and my photographs are basically dark Jewish humor.
I'm not dating Prateik; he is just a good acquaintance.
I come from that society and there is a common thread, specifically family values - the idea that you do anything for your family, and the unconditional love for one's children.
I don't know why anyone would want to ask an actor for dating advice. We are not the poster children for healthy relationships.
Being brilliant is no great feat if you respect nothing.
Let us remember: One book, one pen, one child, and one teacher can change the world.
I have always found humor in places where humor wasn't necessarily intended.
Dating in Los Angeles can be hard, which makes it all the better when you meet a really nice guy.
When you can analyze situations and figure out what's best for you, based on you and not some preconceived notion of what society expects, then nothing is a threat.
Everything that has existed, lingers in the Eternity.
Flowers are the sweetest things God ever made and forgot to put a soul into.
History is not a burden on the memory but an illumination of the soul.
I've never been on a dating app, so I don't really know the difference between swiping left or right, LOL.
I think dating apps are keeping us apart.
Don't underestimate the power of your vision to change the world. Whether that world is your office, your community, an industry or a global movement, you need to have a core belief that what you contribute can fundamentally change the paradigm or way of thinking about problems.
On the basis of biological, sociological, and historical knowledge, we should recognize that the individual self is subject to death or decay, but the sum total of individual achievement, for better or worse, lives on in the immortality of The Larger.
I'm never going to say anything about who I'm dating unless I'm married or engaged.
We abuse land because we regard it as a commodity belonging to us. When we see land as a community to which we belong, we may begin to use it with love and respect.
A study of economics usually reveals that the best time to buy anything is last year.
One of the reasons people hate politics is that truth is rarely a politician's objective. Election and power are.
Most people talk; we do things. They plan; we achieve. They hesitate; we move ahead. We are living proof that when human beings have the courage and commitment to transform a dream into reality, there is nothing that can stop them.
A member must say that he is a member of the Unification Church and that he is the follower of Sun Myung Moon. If he doesn't have the courage to say it, he is not worthy of me.
As an immigrant, I am grateful for the tremendous opportunities that this great nation has afforded me and my family. I am also aware of the ongoing challenges that immigrants confront, and understand that respecting law and borders is essential for keeping America strong.
Family has always been the number one priority no matter what happens anywhere else.
He's nice enough not to want to be associated with a nasty remark but not nice enough not to make it. Lacking the courage of one's nastiness does not make one nice.
Let no man be called happy before his death. Till then, he is not happy, only lucky.
It is important for those of us who are Christian to remember that our physical lives don't last forever. Our souls will last an eternity, and thus we should place even more emphasis on the health of our souls than the health of our bodies.
Most of the change we think we see in life is due to truths being in and out of favor.
We're here for such a short period of time. Live like you're already dead, man. Have a good time. Do your best. Let it all come ripping right through you.
Women are the real architects of society.
While day by day the overzealous student stores up facts for future use, he who has learned to trust nature finds need for ever fewer external directions. He will discard formula after formula, until he reaches the conclusion: Let nature take its course.
Teachers have the hardest and most important jobs in America. They're building our nation. And we should appreciate them, respect them, and pay them well.
The family is the first essential cell of human society.
I think it's horrible that people have to be told. Don't smoke! Everybody knows it's bad for the health. But they have to forbid it.
All we want is to carry out the greatest expression of a free democracy and vote on Catalonia's future. This is not about independence: it is about fundamental civil rights and the universal right of self-determination.
Until we get equality in education, we won't have an equal society.
Magoo's appeal lies in our hostility toward an older generation. But he's not only nearsighted physically. His mind is selective of what it sees, too. That is where the humor, the satire lies, in the difference between what he thinks he sees and reality as we see it.
It is extraordinary that when you are acquainted with a whole family you can forget about them.
I'm very fond of the British cinema. I'm a big fan of Martin Campbell and Daniel Craig. I actually find Daniel very inspirational, especially on the physical side of things. He really inspired me to get back into shape when I started to add on a few pounds. I think he's a great role model.
My aunt Geraldine was the unofficial historian and storyteller. She had all the information about family members and the gossip that came out of the church because we were very much part of the African Methodist Episcopal Zion Church. At family gatherings, the older folk had the floor, had pride of place, and it was their stories I remember.
One has to have the courage of one's pessimism.
Success is not measured by what you accomplish, but by the opposition you have encountered, and the courage with which you have maintained the struggle against overwhelming odds.
When you meet someone new who instantly gets you, your sense of humor and your attitudes and your worldview, even if theirs are different - and you get them in return. You both talk and talk and agree and laugh and nod and yes, yes, of course you should get another round of drinks.
A lot of people think international relations is like a game of chess. But it's not a game of chess, where people sit quietly, thinking out their strategy, taking their time between moves. It's more like a game of billiards, with a bunch of balls clustered together.
I wrote 'Love Foolish,' and when I heard the music for the first time, it felt like this was a song that Twice hadn't done before. I thought the song and music had a very mature tone, so I wrote the lyrics to match. I was inspired by the music directly.
A lot of close friends and family members have got married through online dating. I don't think it would be wise for me to do it.
I'm a one-woman guy, so dating multiple women was hard.
In a free society, government reflects the soul of its people. If people want change at the top, they will have to live in different ways. Our major social problems are not the cause of our decadence. They are a reflection of it.
There is a saying that every nice piece of work needs the right person in the right place at the right time.
World War II was the last government program that really worked.
I think that people need to have the courage of their convictions and not be trying to fool people into thinking that they've changed overnight.
It takes courage to love yourself when you've been told your whole life that you're ugly, or dirty, or a terrorist.
Use power to help people. For we are given power not to advance our own purposes nor to make a great show in the world, nor a name. There is but one just use of power and it is to serve people.
Our ability to find humor in the world, to make connections between previously unconnected notions, to create new ideas, to share in a common culture: All these essentially human acts depend on memory.
With 'Arrested Development,' we tried showing the deep disdain that connects a family. We wanted to hold up a mirror to American society. And, just as predicted, America looked away.
For centuries, our country has welcomed people fleeing religious persecution, war and humanitarian crises to create a better future for themselves and their futures. With proper safeguards in place, we should offer refuge to some migrants with legitimate fears of persecution and violence.
There are a lot of people in the animal rights movement who can be very passionate and aggressive, and I applaud people's passion, but when people are judgmental and aggressive, all you end up doing is getting other people to turn away in irritation. To change people's minds, you have to respect the people you're talking to.
I definitely wouldn't wish death on anyone.
I firmly believe that respect is a lot more important, and a lot greater, than popularity.
We live in a world of social media, dating apps, online profiles where everyone is portraying themselves in 2D, trying to look cool. Portray yourself in three dimensions.
When God created man and woman, he was thinking, 'Who shall I give the power to, to give birth to the next human being?' And God chose woman. And this is the big evidence that women are powerful.
Weekends are sacred for me. They're the perfect time to relax and spend time with family and friends.
My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive; and to do so with some passion, some compassion, some humor, and some style.
The loss of a friend is like that of a limb; time may heal the anguish of the wound, but the loss cannot be repaired.
There are no extraordinary men... just extraordinary circumstances that ordinary men are forced to deal with.
Healthy people live with their world.
I looked up my family tree and found out I was the sap.
Lipstick is the most valuable weapon in a woman's make-up kit. It has the power to transform the appearance and mood of the person wearing it, and, at the same time, arouses the admiration of everybody else.
Death is less bitter punishment than death's delay.
Manners are the basic building blocks of civil society.
Honestly, the All In women's locker room was such an inspirational group of women. What I love about all the women involved - Chelsea, Britt, Madison, Jordynne Grace, Brandi Rhodes, Tenille Dashwood, Penelope Ford, Mandy Leon - is we all bring something so different to the table for a common vision.
An Edwardian lady in full dress was a wonder to behold, and her preparations for viewing were awesome.
I grew up with an incredibly loving and supportive family that gave me the impression there were a lot of options for me out there.
God has given us two hands - one to receive with and the other to give with. We are not cisterns made for hoarding; we are channels made for sharing.
In the early days of the Russian Revolution in 1917, I was completely in sympathy with it. I felt that it established a new era in the history of the modern world. I was so overwhelmed by it that, if people made any unfriendly comment, I would vigorously defend it. If people condemned the Communist party, I would speak in its defense.
Dating in the closet is torture. It's one of the most difficult things, especially if you are completely closeted.
I'm really still a child of the Forties. I still think about it a lot, about the repercussions of armed conflict. Until 1953 we had rationing. We couldn't buy meat, we couldn't buy pleasurable goods like cigarettes and sweets. I didn't starve - my family were lucky - but I knew what it was like standing in line waiting for foodstuffs.
To seek trouble - this is not courage, this is madness. Courage is the willingness of man to sensibly face the troubles he cannot avoid.
There's something about death that is comforting. The thought that you could die tomorrow frees you to appreciate your life now.
Encouragement of higher education for our youth is critical to the success of our collective future.
Starting a new job can be nerve-racking , but it's also exciting. You're embarking on a new future, positioning yourself to write a fresh story on a clean slate.
Here is the root of all romanticism: that man, the individual, is an infinite reservoir of possibilities, and if you can so rearrange society by the destruction of oppressive order, then these possibilities will have a chance, and you will get Progress.
Everybody is responsible for their own actions. It's easy to point the finger at somebody else, but a real man, a real woman, a real person knows when it's time to take the blame and when to take responsibility for their own actions.
In my dreams, I could be a Princess, and that's what I was. Like most little girls, I believed nothing less than a Prince could make my dreams come true.
As a historian, I'm sceptical about conspiracy theories because the world is far too complicated to be managed by a few billionaires drinking scotch behind some closed doors. But I do think that the voters are correct in sensing that they're really losing power. And in reaction, they give the system an angry kick.
There may be times when we are powerless to prevent injustice, but there must never be a time when we fail to protest.
Replacing traditional sources of energy completely with renewable energy is going to be a challenging task. However, by adding renewable energy to the grid and gradually increasing its contribution, we can realistically expect a future that is powered completely by green energy.
Until the day of his death, no man can be sure of his courage.
We ain't gonna fight no reactionary pigs who run up and down the street being reactionary; we're gonna organize and dedicate ourselves to revolutionary political power and teach ourselves the specific needs of resisting the power structure, arm ourselves, and we're gonna fight reactionary pigs with international proletarian revolution.
The Internet was supposed to be the greatest tool of global communications and means of sharing knowledge in human history. And it is. But it has also become the most effective instrument of mass surveillance and potentially one of the greatest instruments of totalitarianism in the history of the world.
Real courage is knowing what faces you and knowing how to face it.
Evil, when we are in its power, is not felt as evil, but as a necessity, even a duty.
No innovation in the past 200 years has done more to save lives and improve health than the sanitation revolution triggered by invention of the toilet. But it did not go far enough. It only reached one-third of the world.
Nothing is a matter of life and death except life and death.
The philosophy of individualism owes a great deal to the tradition of novel-writing and novel-reading. In its development and in its aesthetics, the novel is not politically neutral; it has been a participant in history all along.
I have watched Muslims chant 'Death to America!' on the streets of Tehran, then privately beg me to help them get a visa to the United States.
Indeed, history is nothing more than a tableau of crimes and misfortunes.
I will do my best. That is all I can do. I ask for your help - and God's.
Fear of death makes us devoid both of valour and religion. For want of valour is want of religious faith.
Without your health, you've got nothing going on. I thank God every day for good health.
That's the miracle of Amazon! It's like Internet dating. In the early days, you could get slimed as an author on Amazon by someone bearing a grudge, or jealous, or whatever. And because there were so few reviews posted, this stank.
It was incredible being on tour with Taylor Swift: she was the epitome of a professional, and she works so hard. For someone as successful as her to work that hard every night - truly inspirational.
I was blessed with a birth and a death, and I guess I just want some say in between.
I was always the black sheep of the family and always told that I was dumb, and I had a low IQ and did badly in school.
My brother Alan - who was seven years younger than me - died from leukemia when he was 52. He never knew a day's good health - I wish I could have given him some of my good health. But he was always so cheerful and sweet.
If more people follow their superpowers - and everyone has one - then we're going to be better as a society.
Equality may perhaps be a right, but no power on earth can ever turn it into a fact.
Once a disease has entered the body, all parts which are healthy must fight it: not one alone, but all. Because a disease might mean their common death. Nature knows this; and Nature attacks the disease with whatever help she can muster.
Humor works, and it's the best way to get attention without spending a lot of money.
A good villain exudes charisma and power. He has principles, though; that just gives him a level of dimension. It makes him seem to be a bit unpredictable, because he's usually deemed as some type of evil, ruthless person, and then he shows you his principles, and you don't know what to think of it.
Your heart is full of fertile seeds, waiting to sprout.
All Americans should take great pride in the men and women serving our nation in Iraq and in the courage, determination, resilience and initiative they demonstrate each and every day. It remains the greatest of honors to soldier with them.
Nobody is as powerful as we make them out to be.
Nothing defines humans better than their willingness to do irrational things in the pursuit of phenomenally unlikely payoffs. This is the principle behind lotteries, dating, and religion.
I believe that fitness needs to come from within you. You need to respect your body. Only then will you have the zeal to maintain it. For me, keeping fit is a part of my lifestyle.
Our family makes us who we are, defines us totally. When you go to a therapist or have analysis, whatever reason you go in for, they will always bring you back to your family. We're strong or weak according to what family we have. You might have left them long ago, might not even talk to them, but something lingers; we have no choice.
The attempt to redefine the family as a purely voluntary arrangement grows out of the modern delusion that people can keep all their options open all the time.
God is not looking for repayment, but repentance. What heals a broken relationship is sincere love and contrition.
Always be courageous and strong, and don't fear.
Without forgiveness, there's no future.
You have to accept whatever comes and the only important thing is that you meet it with courage and with the best that you have to give.
The moon puts on an elegant show, different every time in shape, colour and nuance.
The beautiful part of writing is that you don't have to get it right the first time, unlike, say, a brain surgeon. You can always do it better, find the exact word, the apt phrase, the leaping simile.
My favorite things in life don't cost any money. It's really clear that the most precious resource we all have is time.
When you have cancer, it's like you enter a new time zone: the Cancer Zone. Everything in the Tropic of Cancer revolves around your health or your sickness. I didn't want my whole life to revolve around cancer. Life came first; cancer came second.
Death is the tyrant of the imagination.
I think it's important for us as a society to remember that the youth within juvenile justice systems are, most of the time, youths who simply haven't had the right mentors and supporters around them - because of circumstances beyond their control.
What some call health, if purchased by perpetual anxiety about diet, isn't much better than tedious disease.
In a world that is constantly changing, there is no one subject or set of subjects that will serve you for the foreseeable future, let alone for the rest of your life. The most important skill to acquire now is learning how to learn.
Only a man who knows what it is like to be defeated can reach down to the bottom of his soul and come up with the extra ounce of power it takes to win when the match is even.
When I teach the formal curriculum, I have the chance to think about it ahead of time. I can rehearse it. I can illustrate it with self-deprecating humor and humble-sounding personal disclosure. I can try to make it comes out just right.
Death is the only pure, beautiful conclusion of a great passion.
Why should society feel responsible only for the education of children, and not for the education of all adults of every age?
Cheerfulness is the best promoter of health and is as friendly to the mind as to the body.
In rough times, pathfinders rely on work, friends, humor and prayer. They develop a support network.
Everything that I will ever accomplish, I owe to God, to my parent's sacrifices, and to the United States of America.
The freedom to fail is vital if you're going to succeed. Most successful people fail from time to time, and it is a measure of their strength that failure merely propels them into some new attempt at success.
Raising children uses every bit of your being - your heart, your time, your patience, your foresight, your intuition to protect them, and you have to use all of this while trying to figure out how to discipline them.
Preaching is effective as long as the preacher expects something to happen-not because of the sermon, not even because of the preacher, but because of God.
Language is a cracked kettle on which we beat out tunes for bears to dance to, while all the time we long to move the stars to pity.
Beauty is power; a smile is its sword.
Feminism isn't simply about being a woman in a position of power. It's battling systemic inequities; it's a social justice movement that believes sexism, racism and classism exist and interconnect, and that they should be consistently challenged.
Me and my sister made up a game called 'Milky Cow'. We were on holiday in France when I was 12, and there was a kid who had bovine features, and every time we went past her, we'd say, 'There's Milky Cow'.
I believe that often people even stay in bad relationships longer than they should because the fear of the pain of dating is scarier than the pain of a bad relationship!
Money is to my social existence what health is to my body.
Choose a wife rather by your ear than your eye.
The Great Migration can get forgotten if we don't pay attention or bear witness to it. It's part of my personal history and the history of millions of African Americans who left those oppressive conditions for better lives in the North. It's important to put that on the page.
Power is the great aphrodisiac.
A seersucker suit is one of the most iconic styles dating from the 1920s and is still a gentleman's best bet when it's hot and sticky.
My name is Linus, and I am your God.
I always try to see the good in everything, and that gives me strength. Even when I lost in the London Olympics quarterfinals, I said to myself, 'Don't lose heart, God has his own plans.' Actually, life just goes on; you have to accept whatever challenge you face and become stronger.
There's time enough, but none to spare.
My 94-year-old grandmother has always been so inspiring to me. She is kind, smart, brave, and independent. After graduating number one in her medical school class at a time when it was extremely rare for women to attend medical school, she worked with the World Health Organization in North Africa to eradicate tuberculosis.
After the wheel, the PlayStation is the best invention of all time.
Upper classes are a nation's past; the middle class is its future.
I think that if you don't do the full analysis of what the origin of the electrical power is, where it comes from, how you get batteries into these cars, what the cost is in terms of CO2 and the environment, I think the analysis that we are going to save the planet with electric cars is nonsense.
While I know myself as a creation of God, I am also obligated to realize and remember that everyone else and everything else are also God's creation.
Whenever I have free time, I usually just sleep, play games, watch movies, see my friends, have a drink. Basically, I do whatever other people do in everyday life.
I am a very keen photographer. I have enjoyed taking pictures since I was a kid with my family, but I became more serious about it at university.
If you're white and you're wrong, then you're wrong; if you're black and you're wrong, you're wrong. People are people. Black, blue, pink, green - God make no rules about color; only society make rules where my people suffer, and that why we must have redemption and redemption now.
If someone lacked decency or respect, I didn't allow that person to stay in my world.
You've got to have a sense of humor to keep your sanity.
Any man who has had the job I've had and didn't have a sense of humor wouldn't still be here.
Out of difficulties grow miracles.
The past explains how I got here, but the future is up to me - and I love to live life at full throttle.
I don't care what the religion is called; as far as I'm concerned, one God, the God I adhere to, is in charge of all of them.
I'm excited about what the future will bring and I think the best is yet to come.
The true Christian is called to be a soldier and must behave as such from the day of his conversion to the day of his death. He is not meant to live a life of religious ease, indolence and security. He must never imagine for a moment that he can sleep and doze along the way to heaven, like one traveling in an easy carriage.
All graffiti is low-level dissent, but stencils have an extra history. They've been used to start revolutions and to stop wars.
I'm lucky to have been blessed with a great family and a wonderful Christian wife.
People treat me like family, 'cause I've always treated them like family.
I think hip-hop does a very good job of infusing comedy and humor and wit into music, a lot more than other genres.
We're in a situation where talented, motivated school leavers and graduates can send off a hundred CVs and not get a reply, and where a trip to the Job Centre is depressing rather than inspirational. And you know what, that just feels wrong.
I play for God and only God.
I began running half-marathons and it helped my fundraising for the multiple sclerosis society and others.
I'm finally dating. It's fun.
The more you live in the present moment, the more the fear of death disappears.
Do not worship me, I am not God. I'm only a man. I worship Jesus Christ.
If I have brought any message today, it is this: Have the courage to have your wisdom regarded as stupidity. Be fools for Christ. And have the courage to suffer the contempt of the sophisticated world.
President Obama called for a 'we' nation in his Inauguration Address. Art convenes. It is not just inspirational. It is aspirational. It pricks the walls of our compartmentalized minds, opens our hearts and makes us brave. And that's what we need most in our country today.
Life is a culmination of the past, an awareness of the present, an indication of a future beyond knowledge, the quality that gives a touch of divinity to matter.
Everything you want is out there waiting for you to ask. Everything you want also wants you. But you have to take action to get it.
In American history, it's about hard work and self-reliance. It's not about collecting giveaways or being on unemployment forever. That the economy moves ahead for people who are going to work to realize the American dream, own a home, send your kids to college. I think it's the founding cornerstone of America.
To costume yourself in the way that you fantasize, to make that a reality, and then to go right into the universe looking like an exceptional being takes a lot of courage.
No one else can take risks for us, or face our losses on our behalf, or give us self-esteem. No one can spare us from life's slings and arrows, and when death comes, we meet it alone.
Broccoli is not as bad as people make out. It might give you wind, but I'd prefer to have wind and have good health. Health is the number one thing on the planet. However, I am quite partial to rum and raisin ice cream.
I love this stuff - bitcoin, ethereum, blockchain technology - and what the future holds.
The gospel alone liberates you to live a life of scandalous generosity, unrestrained sacrifice, uncommon valor, and unbounded courage.
Their memory's like a train: you can see it getting smaller as it pulls away And the things you can't remember Tell the things you can't forget that History puts a saint in every dream.
I feel as though, if you're able to control your dreams, you have more power and control over your mind, like you could reach more areas of your mind. Therefore, I feel like it creates the ability for you to achieve more things in reality.
This empire, unlike any other in the history of the world, has been built primarily through economic manipulation, through cheating, through fraud, through seducing people into our way of life, through the economic hit men. I was very much a part of that.
If you realized how powerful your thoughts are, you would never think a negative thought.
Force always attracts men of low morality.
We are not sent into this world mainly to enjoy the loveliness therein, nor to sit us down in passive ease; no, we were sent here for action. The soul that seeks to do the will of God with a pure heart, fervently, does not yield to the lethargy of ease.
I just loved the kind of people who play football. Definitely takes courage to play this game.
Passion is universal humanity. Without it religion, history, romance and art would be useless.
Human beings do not live in the objective world alone, nor alone in the world of social activity as ordinarily understood, but are very much at the mercy of the particular language which has become the medium of expression for their society.
If you look at terrorists, they really have no sense of humor.
If there is one God, then there is only His way to attain Him, not another. One must follow that way and reject the other. Worship not him who is born only to die, but Him who is eternal and is contained in the whole universe.
I am not a vegetarian. For some time, I tried to be a semi-vegetarian, eating only fish, birds, and no red meat, but... I don't know if I have an opinion on vegetarianism.
When I was playing before I retired, I never really understood the appreciation and the respect that people gave me. People had treated me like a god or something, and that was very embarrassing.
If you can get humor and seriousness at the same time, you've created a special little thing, and that's what I'm looking for, because if you get pompous, you lose everything.
Growing up, I saw my dad do charity work for children with health issues. That had a profound effect on me.
The great event of history is in the great miracle of Life: when, to a paralyzed world, Jesus Christ said, 'Take up your bed and walk,' and at his voice, that world obeyed. The victory of life over death!
I think if there's something one needs to change with oneself, it doesn't have to happen in the New Year. You can do that any time you please - not that it's not a good inspirational tactic for the people that it works for.
Barcelona is a very old city in which you can feel the weight of history; it is haunted by history. You cannot walk around it without perceiving it.
Thanks to President Barack Obama, under the Affordable Care Act, millions more people will be eligible for health insurance, including many people with HIV.
No one has any respect for someone who can play a million notes per minute but can't put together a decent tune that someone can sing to or feel some sort of emotion from.
Only in country music can you compare an old pickup truck and an old guitar to your wife and turn it into a love song... Thank God for country music.
Power should not be concentrated in the hands of so few, and powerlessness in the hands of so many.
For me, habit is just a synonym for death.
I damaged my health during 'Les Mis,' which I didn't want to mention in case it seemed like I was courting sympathy.
When Steve Jobs toured Xerox PARC and saw computers running the first operating system that used Windows and a mouse, he assumed he was looking at a new way to work a personal computer. He brought the concept back to Cupertino and created the Mac, then Bill Gates followed suit, and the rest is history.
The family is the nucleus of civilization.
My life in Brooklyn was in constant danger because of my bad health.
I'm not an overnight success. My early publishing history, through my first five books, was unfortunate in many respects, typified by a couple of short anecdotes.
Those who desire to rise as high as our human condition allows, must renounce intellectual pride, the omnipotence of clear thinking, belief in the absolute power of logic.
Sometimes we may ask God for success, and He gives us physical and mental stamina. We might plead for prosperity, and we receive enlarged perspective and increased patience, or we petition for growth and are blessed with the gift of grace. He may bestow upon us conviction and confidence as we strive to achieve worthy goals.
My philosophy is to take one day at a time. I don't worry about the future. Tomorrow is even out of sight for me.
You live in the image you have of the world. Every one of us lives in a different world, with different space and different time.
My health and my family are the core of my being.
Near the gates and within two cities there will be scourges the like of which was never seen: famine within plague, people put out by steel, crying to the great immortal God for relief.
Today it is time for every child to have a right to life, right to freedom, right to health, right to education, safety, the right to dignity, right to equality, and right to peace.
We are being choked to death by the amount of plastic that we throw away. It's killing our oceans. It's entering into our bodies in the fish we eat.
The hate and scorn showered on us Negro officers by our fellow Americans convinced me that there was no sense in my dying for a world ruled by them. I made up my mind that if I got through this war I would study law and use my time fighting for men who could not strike back.
Smallpox, which spreads by respiration and kills roughly one in three of those infected, took hundreds of millions of lives during a recorded history dating to Pharaonic Egypt. The last case was in 1978, and the disease was declared eradicated on May 8, 1980.
We don't need lists of rights and wrongs, tables of do's and don'ts: we need books, time, and silence. Thou shalt not is soon forgotten, but Once upon a time lasts forever.
I believe that mycelium is the neurological network of nature. Interlacing mosaics of mycelium infuse habitats with information-sharing membranes. These membranes are aware, react to change, and collectively have the long-term health of the host environment in mind.
God had one son on earth without sin, but never one without suffering.
We are not at peace with others because we are not at peace with ourselves, and we are not at peace with ourselves because we are not at peace with God.
The privilege of serving my country is not only rooted in my military service, but also in my personal history. I sit here, as a Lieutenant Colonel in the United States Army, an immigrant.
I realized women and humor were linked very closely.
Education is the key to the future.
History is more or less bunk.
Since I was a boy - born into a farming family in Bonaire, GA - I've had agriculture running through my veins.
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.
Freedom is a timeless value. The United Nations Charter calls for encouraging respect for fundamental freedoms. The Universal Declaration of Human Rights mentions freedom more than twenty times. All countries have committed to protecting individual freedoms on paper - but in practice, too many break their pledge.
Many are the names of God and infinite the forms through which He may be approached.
With any child entering adolescence, one hunts for signs of health, is desperate for the smallest indication that the child's problems will never be important enough for a television movie.
Humor is a serious thing. I like to think of it as one of our greatest earliest natural resources, which must be preserved at all cost.
A family is a unit composed not only of children but of men, women, an occasional animal, and the common cold.
Exercise is essential for good health. But we can't exercise our way out of the obesity epidemic.
Ain't nobody ever had a jumpshot like mine, ain't nobody ever power moves like mine, ain't nobody ever tough defense like mine and ain't nobody ever had the courage to be a winner like me.
It's a common misunderstanding, that when a bisexual person is dating someone of the opposite sex that they are now straight, or if they are dating someone of the same sex they are now gay.
Baseball is a great example of the cultural ties between the United States and Cuba and a powerful reminder of the shared experience between people that transcends our difficult history.
Humor is the oxygen of children's literature. There's a lot of competition for children's time, but even kids who hate to read want to read a funny book.
Complete strangers can stand silent next to each other in an elevator and not even look each other in the eye. But at a concert, those same strangers could find themselves dancing and singing together like best friends. That's the power of music.
Sometimes the most positive thing you can be in a boring society is absolutely negative.
You can't afford to get sick, and you can't depend on the present health care system to keep you well. It's up to you to protect and maintain your body's innate capacity for health and healing by making the right choices in how you live.
While the family is under attack throughout the world, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints proclaims, promotes, and protects the truth that the family is central to the Creator's plan for the eternal destiny of His children.
The greatest trap in our life is not success, popularity or power, but self-rejection.
Everyone has their own insecurities, regardless of how you look or how people perceive you, but sometimes people give their insecurities too much power. Defining beauty is simply a matter of opinion. For me, real beauty has very little to do with the structure of someone's face or body.
The FDA serves a real purpose: To protect public health.
People fear death even more than pain. It's strange that they fear death. Life hurts a lot more than death. At the point of death, the pain is over. Yeah, I guess it is a friend.
There's humor in everything. There's gotta be humor in everything.
When I was a young man, Dirac was my hero. He made a breakthrough, a new method of doing physics. He had the courage to simply guess at the form of an equation, the equation we now call the Dirac equation, and to try to interpret it afterwards.
Marriage is the death of hope.
Discontent, blaming, complaining, self-pity cannot serve as a foundation for a good future, no matter how much effort you make.
I'm definitely open to change, but at the same time I am quite stubborn.
We die only once, and for such a long time.
Money is power, and in that government which pays all the public officers of the states will all political power be substantially concentrated.
Although many of us fear death, I think there is something illogical about it.
Poverty is multidimensional. It extends beyond money incomes to education, health care, political participation and advancement of one's own culture and social organisation.
When Maurice touched a keyboard, it was like something from a movie, magical. He would always give you something from a movie, and you'd go, what did you just play... immediately inspirational writings, amazing. That's what we're going to miss.
A leader has the vision and conviction that a dream can be achieved. He inspires the power and energy to get it done.
We have a certain warped sense of humor in Scandinavia, and that is what comes across in the choices in a lot of our movies.
Power wears out those who don't have it.
I feel that if Jacques Pepin shows you how to make an omelet, the matter is pretty much settled. That's God talking.
Let us all be brave enough to die the death of a martyr, but let no one lust for martyrdom.
You have to respect the system. If you have a problem with the system, change the system.
You do indeed have a past, but not now! And, yes, you have a future, but not now! You can consume your now with thoughts of 'then' and 'maybe,' but that will keep you from the inner peace you could experience.
I often tell my students not to be misled by the name 'artificial intelligence' - there is nothing artificial about it. AI is made by humans, intended to behave by humans, and, ultimately, to impact humans' lives and human society.
Look back over the past, with its changing empires that rose and fell, and you can foresee the future, too.
I have frequently pointed out that the future belongs to nations with grains and not guns.
Since I became a knitting humor writer, I seem to be understood a little better - at least for the purposes of social discourse.
I saw courage both in the Vietnam War and in the struggle to stop it. I learned that patriotism includes protest, not just military service.
To be sensual, I think, is to respect and rejoice in the force of life, of life itself, and to be present in all that one does, from the effort of loving to the making of bread.
I have this unshakeable faith. I believe in myself; I believe in God.
I'm fascinated with the stories that we tell. Real histories become fantasies and fairy tales, morality tales and fables. There's something interesting and funny and perverse about the way fairytale sometimes passes for history, for truth.
Power always has to be kept in check; power exercised in secret, especially under the cloak of national security, is doubly dangerous.
Ski jumping is just 10 per cent physical, 90 per cent mental. Some people can't do that. It's not just to do with the fear at the top. It takes a lot of guts to go off the top, but it takes 100 times more courage to jump off the end.
My good health, coupled with joy of tobogganing and my desire to be the best, has helped me stay in professional sport for so long.
Automobiles have always been part of my life, and I'm sure they always will be. What is it about them that moves me? The sound of a great engine, the unity and uniqueness of an automobile's engineering and coachwork, the history of the company and the car, and, of course, the sheer beauty of the thing.
The white people should go back to Europe, and the country should be returned to the American Indians. This is the future I would like to see for the so-called United States.
The feeling remains that God is on the journey, too.
In the case of 'Everything I Never Told You,' my goal was to make the experiences of a family that had always felt marginalised feel accessible and understandable even to people who'd never been in that situation.
Crimes against children are the most heinous crime. That, for me, would be a reason for capital punishment because children are innocent and need the guidance of an adult society.
I believe that the greatest form of prayer is praise to God.
If you'd said to me when I was 21, 'You're going to get into parliament, be a senior minister of state, shadow health secretary, shadow home secretary, a privy councillor, be endorsed by the Times as a candidate for Speaker, have four novels published, and then have great fun after you retire,' I'd have said, 'That sounds like a good life.'
The best way to predict the future is to study the past, or prognosticate.
Having come so close to death, I now value just how precious life truly is and want to ride what God gave me until the wheels fall off.
Families represent the basic building blocks of our society, and primary care a foundational piece of any healthcare system.
I believe that the greatest gift you can give your family and the world is a healthy you.
One needs to follow strict discipline in the life to streamline it, so it's not whether you are in this industry/profession of an actor or an engineer or whatever you are doing it, but I think when you respect your body, when you take care of your body, I think everything falls in place.
He who is obsessed by death is made guilty by it.
Because of the Affordable Care Act, millions of Americans finally have the security that comes from quality, affordable health coverage. And, millions more have better, more reliable coverage than ever before.
I believe in God, family, truth between people, the power of love.
I think there's a worry that an excessive use or an almost exclusive use of text and emails means that as a society we're losing some of the ability to build interpersonal communication that's necessary for living together and building a community.
Together with a culture of work, there must be a culture of leisure as gratification. To put it another way: people who work must take the time to relax, to be with their families, to enjoy themselves, read, listen to music, play a sport.
In the past the man has been first; in the future the system must be first... The first object of any good system must be that of developing first class men.
I grew up wanting to be a musician, but my parents were sure I would starve to death. So, they put me in physics and chemistry. That eventually blew up, and I got into radio.
Is life so dear or peace so sweet as to be purchased at the price of chains and slavery? Forbid it, Almighty God! I know not what course others may take, but as for me, give me liberty, or give me death!
In sixth grade I had a band called The Blueberry Waterfall. I had borrowed a guy's Fender Jaguar and Boss Tone Fuzz, which you plugged straight into a Blackface Twin. It was a little power trio - we were actually pretty good for our age.
I am running to make history, to show that no human is limited. It's not about money, it's about showing a generation of people that there are no limits.
Among the other values children should be taught are respect for others, beginning with the child's own parents and family; respect for the symbols of faith and the patriotic beliefs of others; respect for law and order; respect for the property of others; respect for authority.
You need a really solid foundation of friends and family to keep you where you need to be.
The second coming of Christ will be so revolutionary that it will change every aspect of life on this planet. Disease will be eliminated. Death will be abolished. War will be eradicated. Nature will be transformed.
Novelists go about the strenuous business of marrying and burying their people, or else they send them to sea, or to Africa, or at the least, out of town. Essayists in their stillness ponder love and death.
My secret heroes were Joe Morello, Ray Charles - who is, in my opinion, the most dominant figure in musical history in the 21st century - and Frank Sinatra. Those are my heroes. And as a writer, when Bob Dylan came along, it was a miracle because he gave us all permission to say anything!
Cursed is the man who dies, but the evil done by him survives.
The single most important thing in a child's performance is the quality of the teacher. Making sure a child spends the maximum amount of time with inspirational teachers is the most important thing.
In the central place of every heart, there is a recording chamber; so long as it receives messages of beauty, hope, cheer and courage, you are young.
While a fundamental responsibility of business leaders is to create value for shareholders, I think businesses also exist to deliver value to society.
Everyone has to do their part, too. No one is disconnected. And everyone has to improve their skills, take care of their own health to the extent they can and contribute their time and talents to the community and country.
When I think about where most of Scripture points me, it is toward defending the poor, and the immigrant, and the stranger, and the prisoner, and the outcast, and those who are left behind by the way society works.
A great source of calamity lies in regret and anticipation; therefore a person is wise who thinks of the present alone, regardless of the past or future.
You have to defend your honor. And your family.
We will see a breakdown of the family and family values if we decide to approve same-sex marriage, and if we decide to establish homosexuality as an acceptable alternative lifestyle with all the benefits that go with equating it with the heterosexual lifestyle.
But steel bars have never yet kept out a mob; it takes something a good deal stronger: human courage backed up by the consciousness of being right.
The winter solstice has always been special to me as a barren darkness that gives birth to a verdant future beyond imagination, a time of pain and withdrawal that produces something joyfully inconceivable, like a monarch butterfly masterfully extracting itself from the confines of its cocoon, bursting forth into unexpected glory.
If it looks like a duck, and quacks like a duck, we have at least to consider the possibility that we have a small aquatic bird of the family anatidae on our hands.
I love the sea's sounds and the way it reflects the sky. The colours that shimmer across its surface are unbelievable. This, combined with the colour of the water over white sand, surprises me every time.
I like to read and listen to music and go for walks and travel and see art. I enjoy cooking and eating and spending time with my family. I don't really find myself searching for things on the television very much.
Courage and conviction are powerful weapons against an enemy who depends only on fists or guns. Animals know when you are afraid; a coward knows when you are not.
God will prepare everything for our perfect happiness in heaven, and if it takes my dog being there, I believe he'll be there.
We do not know what love is. We know the symptoms of it, the pleasure, the pain, the fear, the anxiety and so on. We try to solve the symptoms, which becomes a wandering in darkness. We spend our days and nights in this, and it is soon over in death.
I feel that it is a social responsibility for us who are better educated to give back some to the society in whatever service we can help.
If you can believe in God, then you can believe in anything. It's a gang mentality.
There is no such thing as an ugly language. Today I hear every language as if it were the only one, and when I hear of one that is dying, it overwhelms me as though it were the death of the earth.
Through the grace of Christ we shall live in obedience to the law of God written upon our hearts. Having the Spirit of Christ, we shall walk even as He walked.
I hope, by God's grace, that I am truly a Christian, not deviating from the faith, and that I would rather suffer the penalty of a terrible death than wish to affirm anything outside of the faith or transgress the commandments of our Lord Jesus Christ.
If the sight of the blue skies fills you with joy, if a blade of grass springing up in the fields has power to move you, if the simple things of nature have a message that you understand, rejoice, for your soul is alive.
I had five brothers and sisters. Four of them older, and some of them played instruments, and we would get together and have family recitals and raise money for the church. I belonged to a wonderful church community that encouraged me to sing.
I want a guy I can go hiking with, who wants to do outdoorsy stuff. It's so much fun to be out in nature and who better to do that with than the person you're dating?
Our birth is nothing but our death begun, As tapers waste the moment they take fire.
We are a people in a quandary about the present. We are a people in search of our future. We are a people in search of a national community.
When you start about family, about lineage and ancestry, you are talking about every person on earth.
Honest communication is built on truth and integrity and upon respect of the one for the other.
We consider Christmas as the encounter, the great encounter, the historical encounter, the decisive encounter, between God and mankind. He who has faith knows this truly; let him rejoice.
I'm looking at some comedic horror films because I have often been accused of being too dark. I'm not dark, not compared with 'Saw' or anything like that. So I'm looking at live-action horror films, but not slasher ones - ones that have humor and maybe some social satire.
I did not come to NASA to make history.
You cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today.
I know what real courage is, and I understand true compassion.
When men I have dated over the years whined about, 'Oh, you make no time for me' - see ya! I just dumped them. I don't need that pressure in my life.
Radical Chic, after all, is only radical in Style; in its heart it is part of Society and its traditions.
Humor can be an incredible, lacerating and effective weapon.
Because food and energy prices are volatile, it is often helpful to look at inflation excluding those two categories - known as core inflation - which is typically a better indicator of future overall inflation than recent readings of headline inflation.
I think Freddie Mercury is probably the best of all time in terms of a rock voice. There was a vulnerability to it, his technical ability was amazing, and so much of his personality would come out through his voice. I'm not even a guy to buy Queen records, really, and I still think he's one of the best.
I don't think humor is forced upon my universe; it's a part of it.
Stonehenge was built possibly by the Minoans. It presents one of man's first attempts to order his view of the outside world.
Of emotions, of love, of breakup, of love and hate and death and dying, mama, apple pie, and the whole thing. It covers a lot of territory, country music does.
The art of living demands that our interest in bringing forth flowers in our family life equal the interest we take in bringing them forth in our window gardens. So long as their home-life aesthetics have not become ethics, women need not expect husbands, children, or servants to feel happy in the homes of their creation.
I come from a poor family, I have seen poverty. The poor need respect, and it begins with cleanliness.
A lot of people into Tool, for some reason, are not interested in humor.
Owners lavish love on their pets, which is why so many go from non-aggressive pups to being out of control when they're older. People just don't realise their dog must respect them as leader of the pack.
There are so many forms of love. Spending time with friends, love stories. I enjoy showing my love by baking a cake for somebody and writing his or her name on it, and seeing his or her reaction. I love to offer flowers, too!
I have the body of an eighteen year old. I keep it in the fridge.
A lot of people say, 'Hey, God doesn't have a sense of humor.' Yes, He does. God has a great sense of humor.
I used to make up stuff in my bio all the time, that I used to be a professional ice-skater and stuff like that. I found it so inspirational. Why not make myself cooler than I am?
I detest life-insurance agents: they always argue that I shall some day die, which is not so.
God cannot give us a happiness and peace apart from Himself, because it is not there. There is no such thing.
Haiti, if you've ever met a Haitian person, they are just really positive, and literally, if you're friends with them, then they will do anything for you. So I think that's something that is, like, a really good trait, and I'm really happy that my grandparents and my dad's side of the family is like that.
Sustainability is not just about adopting the latest energy-efficient technologies or turning to renewable sources of power. Sustainability is the responsibility of every individual every day. It is about changing our behaviour and mindset to reduce power and water consumption, thereby helping to control emissions and pollution levels.
The true currency of life is time, not money, and we've all got a limited stock of that.
The control of information is something the elite always does, particularly in a despotic form of government. Information, knowledge, is power. If you can control information, you can control people.
Ten percent of the big fish still remain. There are still some blue whales. There are still some krill in Antarctica. There are a few oysters in Chesapeake Bay. Half the coral reefs are still in pretty good shape, a jeweled belt around the middle of the planet. There's still time, but not a lot, to turn things around.
I cannot believe there is caste system in society; I cannot believe people are judged on the basis of their prosperity.
The symbolic language of the crucifixion is the death of the old paradigm; resurrection is a leap into a whole new way of thinking.
Nothing that is really good and God-like dies.
I always used to say to my wife, the thing that I loved most about us is that we are a team, we are impenetrable in that respect.
A true king is neither husband nor father; he considers his throne and nothing else.
If we open our history books, we shall see that the laws, for all that they are or should be contracts amongst free men, have rarely been anything but the tools of the passions of a few men or the offspring of a fleeting and haphazard necessity.
When public men indulge themselves in abuse, when they deny others a fair trial, when they resort to innuendo and insinuation, to libel, scandal, and suspicion, then our democratic society is outraged, and democracy is baffled.
In 10 years of being together - 6 while dating and 4 in marriage - my wife has never once complained about my physical or mental absence in our relationship.
After the death of the sadistic dictator Gen. Sanni Abacha in 1998, Nigeria underwent a one-year transitional military administration headed by Gen. Abdulsalami Abubakar, who uncharacteristically bowed out precisely on the promised date for military disengagement. Did the military truly disengage, however? No.
Time makes heroes but dissolves celebrities.
Sometimes the only way to make palatable that which is appalling and apprehensive is to season it with some humor.
Death is not only a passing on but a time for everyone else to truthfully reflect on one's life.
My parents emphasized experiential learning - in my family, being adventurous was a sign of maturity.
Doing linear scans over an associative array is like trying to club someone to death with a loaded Uzi.
I've always spent more time with a smile on my face than not, but the thing is, I don't write about it.
The pharmaceutical industry isn't the only place where there's waste and inefficiency and profiteering. That happens in much of the rest of the health care industry.
We need to start identifying the triggers that aggravate mental health issues in our society - bullying, social media negativity and anxiety, gender based violence, substance abuse, stigma around issues such as maternal issues, etc., and we need to speak up about these more and get to the source of the problems.
Public education is an investment in our future.
When I approach a child, he inspires in me two sentiments; tenderness for what he is, and respect for what he may become.
Everything I buy is vintage and smells funny. Maybe that's why I don't have a boyfriend.
A great man's greatest good luck is to die at the right time.
Reading 'Youth in Revolt' might have ruined my career because suddenly I wanted to abandon all the emotional truth of something and just go out far on a literary limb with completely implausible things that relied completely on voice and humor. And what saved me is realizing that I couldn't do that very well.
There are hundreds of millions of people on dating apps every day, but apparently, no such apps cater solely to sports fans.
You always draw inspiration from your family or your parents if they've proven to be inspirational. My mother is someone who's always been inspirational to me.
In my experience, I have learned that there is rarely the perfect man for the perfect job, but Reagan was born to play the role of president. He was an inspirational leader when the country really needed it.
It doesn't take many people to have a bad sense of humor to get in trouble at a corporation.
Lost time is never found again.
There is good in everything; it's just how you choose to look at it. Everything that's worth it has a price. For me to be a model - I had to leave my family. Do you think I liked that? No! There are sacrifices. Life is meant to be a challenge, because challenges are what make you grow.
Politics means striving to share power or striving to influence the distribution of power, either among states or among groups within a state.
One of the epidemics in our industry is the abuse of power.
Map out your future - but do it in pencil. The road ahead is as long as you make it. Make it worth the trip.
Godly sorrow is a gift of the Spirit. It is a deep realization that our actions have offended our Father and our God. It is the sharp and keen awareness that our behavior caused the Savior, He who knew no sin, even the greatest of all, to endure agony and suffering.
As you get older, the cliches of life ring true. It's the simple things that matter most: your family, the people you love, your health and sanity.
I'm not a very good swimmer, and every time I'm in the water, I'm constantly reminded of that because I feel like I'm going to drown!
I always felt that, for me, as a woman, I always had to wait around. In all other arenas, I was ambitious and a go-getter, but when it came to dating, I wasn't supposed to go after what I wanted.
I really wouldn't want to live in America. I found New York claustrophobic and dirty. I missed England when I was there, simple things like smells and the British sense of humor.
Man gives you the award but God gives you the reward.
I cannot lead you into battle. I do not give you laws or administer justice but I can do something else - I can give my heart and my devotion to these old islands and to all the peoples of our brotherhood of nations.
Simple ingredients, treated with respect... put them together and you will always have a great dish.
Hallmark Channel treats their actors and actresses with utmost respect. Their scripts remind of me of why entertainment exists in the first place: escape.
Architecture is not an inspirational business, it's a rational procedure to do sensible and hopefully beautiful things; that's all.
Nothing else so destroys the power to stand alone as the habit of leaning upon others. If you lean, you will never be strong or original. Stand alone or bury your ambition to be somebody in the world.
I am excited to join the Workday Board at an exciting time in the company's growth and look forward to leveraging my past experience as a technologist and entrepreneur to provide advice as they continue to look at new areas of growth.
If you want to use a cliche you must take full responsibility for it yourself and not try to fob it off on anon., or on society.
At a book festival in Fort Lauderdale, I met David Eisenhower, Ike's grandson, who was promoting his book 'Going Home to Glory: A Memoir of Life with Dwight D. Eisenhower,' in which he describes attending the Yankees' 154th game in 1961. The whole family had been following Mantle and Maris chase Babe Ruth's home run record across the country.
Color is a power which directly influences the soul.
'Punk rock' is a word used by dilettantes and heartless manipulators about music that takes up the energies, the bodies, the hearts, the souls, the time and the minds of young men who give everything they have to it.
It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family.
Medicine to produce health must examine disease; and music, to create harmony must investigate discord.
I'm typically single. I'm the girl who - I call it girl-next-door-itis - the hot guy is friends with and gets all his relationship advice from but never considers dating.
I'm a good son, a good father, a good husband - I've been married to the same woman for 30 years. I'm a good friend. I finished college, I have my education, I donate money anonymously. So when people criticize the kind of characters that I play on screen, I go, 'You know, that's part of history.'
Well, number one I like dancing. Number two I knew it would be challenging because I had never done this type of dance before. I always wanted to and I happened to have the courage to go out there and give it my best shot.
I'm still shy - I'm no good at my children's parent-teacher conferences, and I'm slowly learning how to ask for what I want. But I now know that I have a reserve of courage to draw upon when I really need it. There's nothing that I'm too scared to have a go at.
Stereotypes lose their power when the world is found to be more complex than the stereotype would suggest. When we learn that individuals do not fit the group stereotype, then it begins to fall apart.
Coming to Nashville has been so motivating and inspirational. Just watching people live and breathe their music and create something that they can feel from start to finish.
I believe that every leader has a right to implement his own policy. But when I see things that are done that are not right - abuse of power, wrong approaches, wrong strategies, making use of foreign consultants, including those discarded by other countries - I feel that I have to have my say.
I was great mates with Muttiah Muralitharan, dating back to the days when we both played together at Lancashire.
I am just a normal person, and it is normal to have quality time with my family.
Our young people have come to look upon war as a kind of beneficent deity, which not only adds to the national honor but uplifts a nation and develops patriotism and courage.
What does God the Father look like? Although I've never seen Him, I believe - as with the Holy Spirit - He looks like Jesus looked on earth.
The best a health care system can do is to equip itself to meet the needs of each individual woman and birth. Those needs run the gamut from undisturbed home birth to planned cesarean section.
I learned through his death that, hey, life is short. You think you're going to live to be 75 years of age, and Brian proved that you're not going to live that long.
We need commonsense measures, gun control measures, that save lives. I think that it is important that we keep the firearms out of the hands of the mentally ill and criminals and terrorists. And I also think, by strengthening our background check system and expanding mental health treatment, we can do that as well.
History keeps her secrets longer than most of us. But she has one secret that I will reveal to you tonight in the greatest confidence. Sometimes there are no winners at all. And sometimes nobody needs to lose.
The people you choose to have around you make all the difference. My family and close friends keep me grounded. You have to have a mind of your own and a strong head on your shoulders. Cricket is the most important thing to me, so the rest of it pales in comparison.
It is not only our duty but our moral obligation to break from the oppression of debt. We must rise above the political considerations and do what is right for the future of our nation.
For years, my state of Washington tried to pass its own state Dream Act. Many Republicans weren't interested. But some thought differently after they met Dreamers and heard stories that revealed their courage, grit, and determination. It is the same determination that built America and will help it continue to thrive.
Let who will boast their courage in the field, I find but little safety from my shield, Nature's, not honour's law we must obey: This made me cast my useless shield away.
History laughs at both the victim and the aggressor.
Humor is the affectionate communication of insight.
Rather like Batman, I embody the themes of the movie which are the values of family, courage and compassion and a sense of right and wrong, good and bad and justice.
Actually, the original nickname that I was told - it scared me to death - was Heavy G. I think the last thing you want to be known as is Heavy anything. No offense to Heavy D - rest his soul. Worked for him, wasn't really my bag.
People sacrifice the present for the future. But life is available only in the present. That is why we should walk in such a way that every step can bring us to the here and the now.
It's always been like this since the beginning of time. You interact with one female or somebody that people will think you'll cute with and everybody either assumes that you're dating or they want you date. It's just how it all works.
God could not be everywhere, and therefore he made mothers.
What we still haven't done is really learned and embraced our history. When we do that, we'll no longer be doubtful and fearful that we are weak and incomplete.
I believe that life is a journey towards God, and that no one has the right to insist that you go a certain road.
Death is the cure for all diseases.
Memory and creativity are essential to education, but if you teach memory incorrectly, it is a total waste of time, and it will inhibit learning.
Caste has divided us. I wish it should be completely abolished from our society.
God, I can push the grass apart and lay my finger on Thy heart.
I try to respect everybody out here: players, caddies, fans, media.
You can never step into the same book twice, because you are different each time you read it.
I heard on public radio recently, there's a thing called Weed Dating. Singles get together in a garden and weed and then they take turns, they keep matching up with other people. Two people will weed down one row and switch over with two other people. It's in Vermont. I don't think I'd be very good at Weed Dating.
I think family is key, and if you have love for family, then you have love for others - and you have unity as a people.
I detest jokes - when somebody tells me one, I feel my IQ dropping; the brain cells start to disappear. But something is funny when the person delivering the line doesn't know it's funny or doesn't treat it as a joke. Maybe it comes from a place of truth, or it's a sort of rage against society.
In life, if you don't know the truth, then you can't be free, because then you'll believe that the lies are the truth. But once we realize that when we read the Word of God, and you know the truth of who you are, then I'm not a man without arms and legs. I am a child of God.
I'm sure there are people who survive tragedy without humor, but I've never met any of them. Nor would I be particularly interested in writing about them if I did meet them.
Rock and menopause do not mix. It is not good, it sucks and every day I fight it to the death, or, at the very least, not let it take me over.
When the whole world is silent, even one voice becomes powerful.
Never, ever command respect. Always earn it. A leader steps into the arena, and a great leader should never ask anyone to do anything that they haven't done or they haven't experienced.
A world without nuclear weapons would be less stable and more dangerous for all of us.
I hope our wisdom will grow with our power, and teach us, that the less we use our power the greater it will be.
I am God's vessel. But my greatest pain in life is that I will never be able to see myself perform live.
I subscribe to William Faulkner's' view that history is not just about what we were before but who we are now.
What is of the nature of spirit and soul must be gleaned from facts belonging to the spirit and soul; we shall then know that in the living thinking which is liberated from the will, a life-germ has been discerned which passes through the gate of death, goes through the spiritual world after death, and afterwards returns again to earthly life.
Extra weight - whether it's physical, emotional, or spiritual - holds us back from our health and our potential. Overeating is a behavior caused by stress, depression, excitement, fun with friends, self-sabotage, and countless other feelings, emotions, and circumstances. There can always be an occasion to eat and overeat.
Irrespective of any political party, I am a supporter of good people who want to do something for the society.
I love people who have a good sense of humor, tell a good story, tell a good joke.
If you set as your goal to roll back the size of government, you have an obligation to answer the tough questions and show real courage, not just appeal to ideology. Treat the voters like adults.
The darkness of death is like the evening twilight; it makes all objects appear more lovely to the dying.
The world is full of magical things patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper.
Puff Daddy is a great party thrower. He goes down in the history books.
What do women do when they get together? We sit around and talk! Men, not so much. My theory is that this difference is genetic and dates back to the hunter-gatherer societies, when the men had to be quiet as they hunted, lest they scare away the bison and then everyone starved to death and it was all their fault.
I am an agnostic, even though I respect and am interested in all religions. If there's something I believe in, it's a mysterious energy; the one that fills the oceans during tides, the one that unites nature and beings.
Dreams about the future are always filled with gadgets.
The Jersey Shore is the kind of place where the policeman has a little cottage that might have been in the family for years and many other people call home.
In Indonesia, where I am from, the Dutch-imposed Civil Code dating back to the colonial 1870s prevailed until the 1974 Law on Marriage granted married women greater rights, including the ability to open individual bank accounts.
Companies are experimenting with replacing sodium chloride with potassium chloride, because most of the health problems come from sodium. It works for some products, but if you diminish the amount of sodium, people want sugar and fat instead.
There is nothing in the world so much admired as a man who knows how to bear unhappiness with courage.
Parents are like shuttles on a loom. They join the threads of the past with threads of the future and leave their own bright patterns as they go.
Whoso neglects learning in his youth, loses the past and is dead for the future.
Confidence and a good sense of humor can usually win a chick over.
Using no control and using humor will build a relationship and make a dent to where the client puts the counselor in their quality world and then begins to relate and seek out the counselor. Effective therapy begins with the acceptance of the therapist into the client's quality world.
We are proudly a gun state and respect the Second Amendment.
When I started dating I had this kind of Romeo and Juliet, fateful romantic idea about love which was almost that you were a victim and there was a lot of pain involved and that was how it should be.
Everything else can wait, but the search for God cannot wait.
I know I'm drinking myself to a slow death, but then I'm in no hurry.
Love, we say, is life; but love without hope and faith is agonizing death.
I look up to a strong woman; maybe that's why I fell for Gaga. She works incredibly hard and is very strong and inspirational like Mom, with a great work ethic.
Anybody who has stood on the prairie in North Dakota has felt the force of the wind and knows that our state has an inexhaustible supply of wind power. The potential here to create jobs and draw millions of dollars in new investment to North Dakota is enormous.
I decide my future. I decide what I want to do. Nobody else. If I decide this will be my last year, maybe it is. If I decide it will be my last contract, I decide that. Nobody else. So I will decide when the moment is there.
To go to hospitals and see people fight and overcome cystic fibrosis or cancer or any number of illnesses is to see courage that is humbling. And athletes constantly need to be humbled.
I think that this is the first war in history that on the morrow the victors sued for peace and the vanquished called for unconditional surrender.
Wisdom, compassion, and courage are the three universally recognized moral qualities of men.
It's not necessarily the amount of time you spend at practice that counts; it's what you put into the practice.
Modern science says: 'The sun is the past, the earth is the present, the moon is the future.' From an incandescent mass we have originated, and into a frozen mass we shall turn. Merciless is the law of nature, and rapidly and irresistibly we are drawn to our doom.
Paul Krugman is a danger to society!
For centuries the death penalty, often accompanied by barbarous refinements, has been trying to hold crime in check; yet crime persists. Why? Because the instincts that are warring in man are not, as the law claims, constant forces in a state of equilibrium.
With San Cisco, young kids are more willing to yell at whoever is standing on stage. The difference between the yelling and the quietness is if the older crowd are quiet, they're showing you respect. When you do get a cheer back from them, it's special because they are actually listening.
Every moment of life is like a sacrament in which we can receive God. It is a channel through which God speaks to us, forms us, and directs us.
It is unfortunate that so much of the history of Africa has been written by conquerors, foreigners, missionaries and adventurers. The Egyptians left the best record of their history written by local writers.
Above all, we must realize that no arsenal, or no weapon in the arsenals of the world, is so formidable as the will and moral courage of free men and women. It is a weapon our adversaries in today's world do not have.
We should respect all religions and just believe in peace, kindness and harmony.
There has to be a mutual respect and trust for any marriage to work.
I owe my success to having listened respectfully to the very best advice, and then going away and doing the exact opposite.
The tradition of classical music and the opera is such that it used to be the place where social intercourse could take place between all parts of society: politicians, industrialists, artists, citizens, etc. That tradition, I think, still exists, but it's much, much more diluted.
The Ministry of Health started by restructuring Ethiopia's previously male-dominated health system with women at the center.
I'm still trying to figure out how to write about cancer and my family's experience with it. If I had been able to write 'The Pura Principle' back in those days, I'm positive it would have had no humor in it. Which means the story would have been false.
Courage, my friends; 'tis not too late to build a better world.
When I was 15, and I just stepped on the A-team, I believed in myself, but I wasn't cocky in any way. I just wanted something so badly that I could tell people around me that were ten years older that they had to play and perform. I would still say that I had respect.
Happiness is the natural flower of duty.
To free us from the expectations of others, to give us back to ourselves - there lies the great, singular power of self-respect.
We learned the value of research in World War II.
Much of the social history of the Western world, over the past three decades, has been a history of replacing what worked with what sounded good.
The factory of the future will have only two employees, a man and a dog. The man will be there to feed the dog. The dog will be there to keep the man from touching the equipment.
There are some guys you definitely would not want dating your sister - especially hockey players.
I have a sick sense of humor. Like, I'm always laughing at my own pain.
I come from a family of teachers, and I believe ideas matter; the good ones deserve reverence, and the bad ones, defiance.
I've been known to write 10 pages a day for 10 days running before I take a breath. I am not a disciplined writer. I'm one of those people who laughingly call themselves inspirational writers, which basically means someone who has no control over their own creative process.
I have made this letter longer than usual, only because I have not had the time to make it shorter.
Whenever you have an ex, and they're like, 'I hope we can still be friends!' and you weren't friends before you started dating, then what do you go back to, really?
Every man of courage is a man of his word.
I'm definitely old-school when it comes to dating. I'm not into the 'game' so much. If I like you, I'll confront you and be open about it. Then I expect you to come after me.
Common sense and a sense of humor are the same thing, moving at different speeds. A sense of humor is just common sense, dancing.
Growing up in northern California has had a big influence on my love and respect for the outdoors. When I lived in Oakland, we would think nothing of driving to Half Moon Bay and Santa Cruz one day and then driving to the foothills of the Sierras the next day.
No man should marry until he has studied anatomy and dissected at least one woman.
Disease and ill health are caused largely by damage at the molecular and cellular level, yet today's surgical tools are too large to deal with that kind of problem.
There are constant cycles in history. There is loss, but it is always followed by regeneration. The tales of our elders who remember such cycles are very important to us now.
Properly speaking, history is nothing but the crimes and misfortunes of the human race.
Sites like Funny or Die and College Humor are great, but I'd say it's appealing to 80% men and 20% women.
All love shifts and changes. I don't know if you can be wholeheartedly in love all the time.
Transcendental Meditation, for me, has been a way of turning down the outside racket and turning up the bandwidth of instinct, intuition, concentration, attention. On the light ends, it's a power nap. On the strong ends, it's a giant battery, and that battery doesn't run out.
A poet in history is divine, but a poet in the next room is a joke.
The goal of any farmer, after producing enough to feed his own family, has always been to find the best place to sell the year's crop.
You get respect when you give respect. That's how you get respect.
Being a teen can be tough. Just try to surround yourself with really good friends that really have your back, and also be a really good friend to those who really care about you. If you're not sure about certain things, talk to your friends that you trust and your family.
The worst thing that can happen in a democracy - as well as in an individual's life - is to become cynical about the future and lose hope.
True love makes the thought of death frequent, easy, without terrors; it merely becomes the standard of comparison, the price one would pay for many things.
Finance is not merely about making money. It's about achieving our deep goals and protecting the fruits of our labor. It's about stewardship and, therefore, about achieving the good society.
If a producer has 5 million bucks tied up in a picture, he's not about to let a guy like Burt Reynolds wreck a car when he can get a dummy like me to do it. But some stars would make good stuntmen. Reynolds is one of them. Bob Fuller and Doug McClure are strong, tough guys with plenty of courage, too.
Democracy arises out of the notion that those who are equal in any respect are equal in all respects; because men are equally free, they claim to be absolutely equal.
I've seen the majestic beauty of nature and the overwhelming perfection of it. To me, there's nothing closer to God than that.
It is not death, but dying, which is terrible.
I love children and I get along with them great. It's just that I believe if you're going to be a parent, there has to be something inside you that says, 'I want a family.' I don't feel that sense of urgency.
Most dystopian, classic and contemporary, paints a future world that puts a twist on present society - a future world that could plausibly happen.
To many forms of life of our northern lands, winter means a long sleep; to others, it means what it means to many fortunate human beings - travels in warm climes. To still others, who again have their human prototypes, it means a struggle, more or less fierce, to keep soul and body together; while to many insect forms, it means death.
I've looked on many women with lust. I've committed adultery in my heart many times. God knows I will do this and forgives me.
Whenever we feel stressed out, that's a signal that our brain is pumping out stress hormones. If sustained over months and years, those hormones can ruin our health and make us a nervous wreck.
Humor is always important. There are people who help us deal with difficulty or hardship; from the concentration camps to the court jester, there was a need for humor. As long as these kinds of things exist, with repressive regimes, you need it to deal with the weight of daily life.
Success is like death. The more successful you become, the higher the houses in the hills get and the higher the fences get.
The paradigm of the 'Aquarian Conspiracy' sees humankind embedded in nature. It promotes the autonomous individual in a decentralized society... The new perspective respects the ecology of everything: birth, death, learning, health, family, work, science, spirituality, the arts, the community, relationships, politics.
Every happening, great and small, is a parable whereby God speaks to us, and the art of life is to get the message.
I tell people a lot of times, if you want to be a part of something, you never know, you kind of just have to be around. A lot of people don't really have the patience for it, and they don't stick around. Dre and I are still working together, and we have plenty of music for the future.
They don't really teach you how to be famous and a lot of people don't realise that this game comes with a lot of traps. So I'm just looking after myself, looking after my health and making sure I don't fall into those traps.
Don't worry about what the people say; be yourself, say what you want to say with respect.
If you can understand the humor in the drawing part you'll probably get the humor in the audio part.
If history is going to repeat itself I should think we can expect the same thing again.
For me, collages manage to - it satisfies all of my madness, like I'm able to make these obsessive things, but then I'm also able to make these very strong statements. I don't know what they mean to other people, but in my mind, they have a very strong particular resonance; there's sort of a power.
Anti-Semitism has never gone away; it will always be there because it's a very convenient prejudice. The gene of it, the original DNA, is buried deep within our history. And even within some Jews as well.
All things by immortal power. Near of far, to each other linked are, that thou canst not stir a flower without troubling of a star.
Throw in the humor, throw in that personality, try things you wouldn't normally try.
Philip Stanhope, 4th Earl of Chesterfield
There are no heroes in most of my stories. I look at our society with a critical eye and find nothing extraordinary in the people I see.
And how can you be happy if you don't laugh or appreciate humor?
Fashion takes its inspiration from society and everyday life, which is the same for everyone, and this is perhaps the reason why certain elements recur.
If you have to put someone on a pedestal, put teachers. They are society's heroes.
The only antidote to racism - and the Italians are anything but racist - is to return to a respect for laws and regulations and monitor who enters and who leaves this country.
And malt does more than Milton can to justify God's ways to man.
Humans are creatures of habit. If you quit when things get tough, it gets that much easier to quit the next time. On the other hand, if you force yourself to push through it, the grit begins to grow in you.
We learn about MLK's 'I Have a Dream' speech. Take that same speech and put it in the voice of a woman. Would it be as inspirational? Would it have as much gravitas to it?
The minute anyone's getting anxious I say, You must eat and you must sleep. They're the two vital elements for a healthy life.
He who knows no hardships will know no hardihood. He who faces no calamity will need no courage. Mysterious though it is, the characteristics in human nature which we love best grow in a soil with a strong mixture of troubles.
I came out to my parents when I was a junior in college. And it was pretty fine. They were more concerned with why I wasn't dating anyone. But now I'm 36, and I still don't date anyone.
Well, it's a humor strip, so my first responsibility has always been to entertain the reader... But if, in addition, I can help move readers to thought and judgment about issues that concern me, so much the better.
The great gift of human beings is that we have the power of empathy.
If we are to abolish the death penalty, I should like to see the first step taken by my friends the murderers.
The paradox of courage is that a man must be a little careless of his life even in order to keep it.
Ensuring quality higher education is one of the most important things we can do for future generations.
God has equipped you to handle difficult things. In fact, He has already planted the seeds of discipline and self-control inside you. You just have to water those seeds with His Word to make them grow!
The best times I've had backstage are when you have people around you who genuinely love you, respect your privacy, and have your back - that's what it's all about.
I know of no time in human history where ignorance was better than knowledge.
Music has the power to divert the violent minds.
Generally speaking, the Way of the warrior is resolute acceptance of death.
China and India are feeding their people for the first time in human history due to free markets, and the Left knows that, and it gets them nervous.
Fear is the most debilitating emotion in the world, and it can keep you from ever truly knowing yourself and others - its adverse effects can no longer be overlooked or underestimated. Fear breeds hatred, and hatred has the power to destroy everything in its path.
The thing about For Better or Worse is the only thing that made me an okay director for that is that I have a sense of humor, and it was supposed to be funny.
I could drop dead tomorrow, the truth will be here. Truth is forever; when you read our history, truth is forever, and it always outs itself.
When you have that respect from your teammates, it makes it a lot more comfortable.
My initial goal for the 1984 opening ceremonies was a show that would be majestic, inspirational, and emotional - a 20 goosebump experience.
Death is a delightful hiding place for weary men.
If I've been dating someone for, say, five months, and she cheats on me, I don't think it would be worth it. I'm not committed enough to the situation to give her a second chance.
The wonderful news is that our Lord is a God of mercy, and He responds to repentance.
Our scientists grapple with the difficulties of placing a man on the moon, but the immediately troubling concern of our society is whether men of different races can sit together at a lunch counter.
There are worse things in life than death. Have you ever spent an evening with an insurance salesman?
They were afraid, never having learned what I taught myself: Defeat the fear of death and welcome the death of fear.
My wheelhouse is intense characters who have a certain sympathetic streak and also a sense of humor.
By improving health, empowering women, population growth comes down.
God tests and proves us by the common occurrences of life. It is the little things which reveal the chapters of the heart.
You can't please everyone. When you're too focused on living up to other people's standards, you aren't spending enough time raising your own. Some people may whisper, complain and judge. But for the most part, it's all in your head. People care less about your actions than you think. Why? They have their own problems!
During the 1990s, San Francisco lived through one of the most intense economic booms of its history.
Wedding dress shopping is basically like dating. You pick the one based on how you feel.
I view art as an inspirational tool.
I want to make sure that people understand that, behind this national conversation around transgender rights, there are real people who hurt when they're mocked, who hurt when they're discriminated against, and who just want to be treated with dignity and respect.
The desperately poor may accept handouts, because they feel they have to. For those who consider themselves at least middle class, however, anything that smacks of a handout is not desired. Instead, they want their economic power back.
As an actor, I'm attracted to drama; as a director, it's humor - because it's the story of my life, and I can't be that serious about it. Being alone is a big theme in all my movies, both as a director and as an actress.
A healthy and fully functioning society must allocate its resources among a variety of competing interests, all of which are more or less valid but none of which should take precedence over national security.
What you possess in the world will be found at the day of your death to belong to someone else. But what you are will be yours forever.
You never know when some small thing will lead to a big idea. Travel is very inspirational - but it's in the ordinary that I find my themes of love and work and family.
Vitality shows in not only the ability to persist but the ability to start over.
Your competition is not other people but the time you kill, the ill will you create, the knowledge you neglect to learn, the connections you fail to build, the health you sacrifice along the path, your inability to generate ideas, the people around you who don't support and love your efforts, and whatever god you curse for your bad luck.
I live off a motto that says, 'yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery'. I have goals and agendas. Where ever I'll be tomorrow, that's where I'll be.
Although children are only 24 percent of the population, they're 100 percent of our future and we cannot afford to provide any child with a substandard education.
Death is the wish of some, the relief of many, and the end of all.
Tony and I had a good on and off screen relationship, we are two very different people, but we did share a sense of humor, we now live in different parts of the world but when we find ourselves in the same place it is more or less as if there had been no years in between.
Courage that grows from constitution often forsakes a man when he has occasion for it; courage which arises from a sense of duty acts; in a uniform manner.
The history of man is the history of crimes, and history can repeat. So information is a defence. Through this we can build, we must build, a defence against repetition.
I remember seeing McCoy Tyner in concert, and thinking that the music was incredible, but wanting to be invited in. I figured that humor was the way of letting the audience in. I've gotten a hard time about it, but I love to be funny onstage.
Momentum is building for the creation of a shared future, one that is more egalitarian, inclusive, and respectful of the environment - a future that ultimately offers greater possibilities for personal development and control over our individual lives.
The courage to imagine the otherwise is our greatest resource, adding color and suspense to all our life.
I guess it's about getting older. I know that I'm going to lose people that I love - I'm going to die myself - so everything seems to be getting somehow sweet and more important and more special and more humbling and more challenging and more terrifying all at the same time.
If the Islamic world is so suffused with rage and hatred of us - for our wars, occupations, drone attacks, support of Israel, decadent culture, and tolerance of insults to Islam and the Prophet - why should we call for free elections, when the people will use those elections to vote into power rulers hostile to the United States?
When I was 16 the first girl I had a crush on wasn't interested at all. I liked her from afar for ages, and when I eventually got the courage and told her, and she wasn't into me.
I think bands, when they're on the road, they keep their sanity by developing an internal sense of humor.
I like bawdy humor. I love bawdy humor, but not dirty humor.
My objection to the death penalty is based on the idea that this is a democracy, and in a democracy the government is me, and if the government kills somebody then I'm killing somebody.
Pay attention to your friends; pay attention to that cousin that jumps up on the picnic table at the family reunion and goes a little too 'nutty,' you know what I mean? Pay attention to that aunt that's down in the basement that never comes upstairs. We have to pay attention to our friends, pay attention to your family, and offer a hand.
I believe coding is fundamental to literacy in the future.
Time is the substance from which I am made. Time is a river which carries me along, but I am the river; it is a tiger that devours me, but I am the tiger; it is a fire that consumes me, but I am the fire.
Manners are like the shadows of virtues, they are the momentary display of those qualities which our fellow creatures love and respect.
I think we judge talent wrong. What do we see as talent? I think I have made the same mistake myself. We judge talent by people's ability to strike a cricket ball. The sweetness, the timing. That's the only thing we see as talent. Things like determination, courage, discipline, temperament, these are also talent.
Everybody's a work in progress. I'm a work in progress. I mean, I've never arrived... I'm still learning all the time.
If you love god, burn a church.
The minute a person whose word means a great deal to others dare to take the open-hearted and courageous way, many others follow.
Immortality is the negation of death. We do not usually speak about 'innatality' - about having not yet been born - yet this is something we would have to regard as the other aspect of the human soul. We are just as unborn as we are immortal.
When I was starting, I was working with actors who came up through the rep system, and they understood the discipline required: you were never late for rehearsal, you were never not ready to go on, you were always prepared; it was about showing respect to the rest of the company.
There's something very authentic about humor, when you think about it. Anybody can pretend to be serious. But you can't pretend to be funny.
I'm the fifth of six kids, and we're quite an eclectic family. People call us the 'Royal Tenenbaums,' because we're that kind of wonky.
Science fiction writers aren't in the prediction business; they're in the speculation business, using 'hasn't happened' or 'hasn't happened yet' to create entertaining scenarios that may or may not anticipate future realities.
It honestly affects my mental health, social media, on a really profound level. Because I'm constantly being bombarded with an image of femininity that I feel I have to adhere to. And I think there's a lot of pressure in this industry, as well, being constantly discriminated on your aesthetic appearance.
History belongs to everyone. I don't think you have to give up scholarly standards. But I also don't think you want to write something that is impenetrable. You try as hard as you can to be readable.
A sense of humor is a major defense against minor troubles.
Many people resented my impatience and honesty, but I never cared about acceptance as much as I cared about respect.
Stand-up comics reflect less of a visual humor and more of a commentary.
Cockroaches and socialites are the only things that can stay up all night and eat anything.
As a society, we're not perfect by any means.
Music was your real passion, this thing you held dear even above family. It was this relationship that never betrayed you. Once it became your job - this thing that was highly visible, this thing that became about commerce - that's when you were holding onto music like it was a palm tree in a hurricane.
Muhammad Ali struck us in the middle of America's darkest night, in the heart of its most threatening gathering storm. His power toppled the mightiest of foes, and his intense light shined on America, and we were able to see clearly injustice, inequality, poverty, pride, self realization, courage, laughter, love, joy and religious freedom for all.
I don't believe in very many things, but art is definitely one of them. And at the top of that list, film and art influence our world's culture much more than many of us understand and fully respect.
'The Sopranos' is filled with really retrograde humor. Bathroom humor, falls, stupid puns, bad jokes - infantile, adolescent stuff, but it makes me laugh.
Time is too slow for those who wait, too swift for those who fear, too long for those who grieve, too short for those who rejoice, but for those who love, time is eternity.
It may be enough to study history in all its nuance and ambiguity for its own sake. But there is no country free of the need to find new ways of reading the past as an inspiring way of thinking about everything else, including the present.
Because we believe that our ethnic group, our society, our political party, our God, is better than your God, we kill each other.
I decided I can't pay a person to rewind time, so I may as well get over it.
The time you feel lonely is the time you most need to be by yourself.
Doublethink means the power of holding two contradictory beliefs in one's mind simultaneously, and accepting both of them.
You probably found 'How to Survive a Robot Uprising' in the humor section. Let's just hope that is where it belongs.
You have to look at history as an evolution of society.
I respect everybody who goes to Kentucky. You know that once you sign with Kentucky, the same thing with Duke. You know each and every night it's going to be a team's Super Bowl. You're going to get their best.
My real name is Joseph Herbert. My dad is white; my mom's Asian, Filipino. And when I started stand-up 22 years ago, I used to go up as Joseph Herbert, and I would just have to defend my name. Every time I went onstage, it was so annoying. People would heckle.
I found that female pathfinders generally integrate characteristics commonly associated with being women - like the capacity to be intimate - with 'male' ones like ambition and courage.
Equality under the law is the slow triumph of hope over history.
To make no mistakes is not in the power of man; but from their errors and mistakes the wise and good learn wisdom for the future.
I make jokes because humor is the greatest healing factor that there is.
Are we really so far from the Victorians? Much of what our society holds important was shaped in the 19th century.
The courage we desire and prize is not the courage to die decently, but to live manfully.
The most reliable way to forecast the future is to try to understand the present.
One of the lessons of history is that nothing is often a good thing to do and always a clever thing to say.
I learned how quickly I could go from having never met someone to having the world think I'm dating them.
I have the utmost respect for those who have come to this country legally and have contributed to the great melting pot that is America today. But those who have crossed our borders illegally have broken the law and the law ought to be enforced.
There can be nothing without love. No money, no power. Love is very important. When you wake up in the morning, you need to know that somebody else is waking up, thinking of you.
Mob law is the most forcible expression of an abnormal public opinion; it shows that society is rotten to the core.
Your children can be around you all day, but if you don't spend quality time with them and you don't pay attention to them and talk to them and listen to them, it doesn't matter that they're just around you.
If you are an educated man, you respect your opponent, his team, and all those people around; then you are truly a human being.
When, in any ethical department, unity is attained between outer demands and inner desires, between nature and conscience, between the needs of society and the individual, the moral formula is void because inner necessity then makes it psychically and physically impossible to break the outer law. Thus, true morality is attained.
Sleep is the interest we have to pay on the capital which is called in at death; and the higher the rate of interest and the more regularly it is paid, the further the date of redemption is postponed.
If Death Grips isn't the fourth horseman of a hip-hop apocalypse, its music at least tests the genre's threshold of extremity: The trio's abrasive, jittery style teeters on the edge of palatability, and plays toward a morbid curiosity to which many listeners won't succumb.
To live in this world, you must be able to do three things: to love what is mortal; to hold it against your bones knowing your own life depends on it; and, when the time comes to let it go, to let it go.
God can cause opportunity to find you. He has unexpected blessings where you suddenly meet the right person, or suddenly your health improves, or suddenly you're able to pay off your house. That's God shifting things in your favor.
History has shown us that, on extraordinarily rare occasions, it becomes necessary for the federal government to intervene on behalf of individuals whose 14th Amendment rights to legal due process and equal protection may be violated by a state.
I'm a fabulous date, I make sure I look good, I like hearing what a guy has to say and I make sure the evening is a real laugh. I like to laugh.
God has blessed me tremendously.
I am proud that London is a city where, the vast majority of the time, Jewish people, Christians, Muslims, Sikhs, Buddhists, those who are not members of an organized faith, black, white, rich, young, gay, lesbian - don't simply tolerate each other but respect, embrace, and celebrate each other.
For the cause that lacks assistance, the wrong that needs resistance, for the future in the distance, and the good that I can do.
I love having boyfriends. I love dating. I do not want a husband in my house.
I was blessed with certain gifts and talents and God gave them to me to be the best person I can be and to have a positive impact on other people.
The present time has one advantage over every other - it is our own.
Family is the most important thing in the world.
The superior power of population cannot be checked without producing misery or vice.
I have no respect for the passion of equality, which seems to me merely idealizing envy - I don't disparage envy, but I don't accept it as legitimately my master.
Food is everything. Food, friends, family: Those are the most important things in life.
Fix reason firmly in her seat, and call to her tribunal every fact, every opinion. Question with boldness even the existence of a God; because, if there be one, he must more approve of the homage of reason, than that of blindfolded fear.
All businesses and jobs depend on a vast number of people, often unnoticed and unthanked, without which nothing really gets done. They are all human and deserve respect and gratitude.
I don't have dating tips.
Life is too short to not have fun; we are only here for a short time compared to the sun and the moon and all that.
Success is that old ABC - ability, breaks, and courage.
An alliance with a powerful person is never safe.
A lot of my humor centers on the act of telling jokes and I think this can prevent certain audiences from suspending their feeling of disbelief. It might piss a few people off, but I can't help it.
No matter how liberal or modern a family is, there will always be resistance when someone discloses that they are dating someone.
Time is life itself, and life resides in the human heart.
The truth is that all men having power ought to be mistrusted.
Health nuts are going to feel stupid someday, lying in hospitals dying of nothing.
I've been blessed with so many opportunities and so many amazing things throughout this process. But all the while, I remember that the reason that I'm here and the reason that I do music and tell these stories is that people come to know the love, the God that I know.
What was interesting about grunge was that it was this death sentence to the rock that had preceded it, which was hair metal.
Of all human activities, man's listening to God is the supreme act of his reasoning and will.
'Lauv' comes from the Latvian word for lion, and my mom's side of the family is from Latvia - it's a place I've been probably 15 times or more. I'm also a Leo, and my real name, Ari, means lion.
Evening is a time of real experimentation. You never want to look the same way.
I really respect Zakk Wylde's guitar playing and his compulsive work ethic.
I came from a middle-class family. My dad was a professor; my mom was a nurse. I didn't come from money, and I didn't come from circles of power. I didn't come from the country club; I came from the town park.
I will keep smiling, be positive and never give up! I will give 100 percent each time I play. These are always my goals and my attitude.
Make the best use of what is in your power, and take the rest as it happens.
I'm not saying you can't be successful in the music industry without Spotify. But when I look at the future of music, I don't think scarcity is the model anymore. We have to embrace ubiquity - that music is everywhere.
I work every day hard. I put my body through hell. Let me tell you, every year, seven months of the year, I don't see my family. Year in, year out. I miss my kids. Kid's birthdays, anniversaries. I'll never be able to go back and be with my family.
Like as the waves make towards the pebbl'd shore, so do our minutes, hasten to their end.
Exclusiveness in a garden is a mistake as great as it is in society.
A film like 'Dangal' is universal; though it narrates a story that happened in Punjab/Haryana, we like its inspirational story and its idea of celebrating the girl child.
It's weird to have people so interested in your personal life. It's a part of the business that grosses me out. I'm always bummed out for people who just happen to be dating a celebrity, and they're also famous, and they can't live their life.
With Ricky Gervais, it's all shades of wrong, it's my kind of humor.
Don't send me flowers when I'm dead. If you like me, send them while I'm alive.
I haven't been brought down because people are focused on who I'm dating, what I'm eating, or what handbag is the best handbag - that's so cheap to me. But if others want to open up about their personal lives, that is their choice. It's not for me to judge.
Respect for the truth comes close to being the basis for all morality.
Back in school, there was this guy who had a huge crush on me. One day, when he mustered the courage to propose to me on a Rose Day, my friends burst out laughing right in front of him. I'm sure we all have had such experiences, and I've had crushes in the past. Right now, all I can think about is my films and deliver my best.
When I die, I hope to go to Heaven, whatever the Hell that is.
For myself, personally, I am never really aware of timing or anything because I am passionate about what I do, so I have found that if you really love what you do, then time flies.
Adoration is caring for God above all else.
I believe that patterns tend to repeat themselves and there are connections between the past and the present. There is the old proverb that reads, 'You can't know where you're going if you don't know where you've been'. For me, history is like that. When you take history and combine it with myth, then you get mystery.
I just don't want to live like I used to. And at some point, I'm going to put a gag order on myself in terms of talking about the past. I've got to slam the door and deal with the present and the future.
I want to go ahead of Father Time with a scythe of my own.
Just as courage is the danger of life, so is fear its safeguard.
The future of design is a future where anything material in the environment - whether it's wearables, cars, buildings - can be designed with this variation of properties and relationship with the environment that can take part in the natural ecology.
Time is long but life is short.
My family is the engine of everything, and on a personal level, I feel peace, stability, and they give me force, which is reflected on my work, my recordings, and every time that I go out on tour. They are my base, my everything.
We cast away priceless time in dreams, born of imagination, fed upon illusion, and put to death by reality.
Childhood vaccines are one of the great triumphs of modern medicine. Indeed, parents whose children are vaccinated no longer have to worry about their child's death or disability from whooping cough, polio, diphtheria, hepatitis, or a host of other infections.
Behold, I stand at the door and knock. If anyone hears my voice and opens the door, I will come in to him and eat with him, and he with me.
When you go to college, and you talk about your college experience, there's a lot of revisionist history that goes along with it. You tend to think of yourself as, 'Oh, I got all of the girls. I was the best athlete on the team. I was a straight-A student.' And that's probably not the case.
The instinct of nearly all societies is to lock up anybody who is truly free. First, society begins by trying to beat you up. If this fails, they try to poison you. If this fails too, the finish by loading honors on your head.
Every time you have a carrot instead of a cookie, every time you go to the gym instead of going to the movies, that's a costly investment in your health. But how much you want to invest is going to depend on how much longer you expect to live in the future, even if you don't make those investments.
When humor works, it works because it's clarifying what people already feel. It has to come from someplace real.
It's not a surprise that the mental health epidemic is affecting so many people because we can't escape this bubble from being on our phones and tablets.
Governments that use violence to stop democratic development will not earn themselves respite forever. They will pay an increasingly high price for actions which they can no longer hide from the world with ease, and will find themselves on the wrong side of history.
You have reckoned that history ought to judge the past and to instruct the contemporary world as to the future. The present attempt does not yield to that high office. It will merely tell how it really was.
Do not let your hearts be troubled. Trust in God; trust also in me.
My husband, a.k.a. Swede, and I both come from athletic backgrounds, so once we identified the goal - get book published - we attacked it. At any given time, I would have my writing out in 25 various forms - either contests, mentoring critiques, agent/publisher queries, etc.
For me, I am left leaning when it comes to health and education, on the right when it comes to defense. So I don't know where I come on the political spectrum. And I think this the challenge that a lot of Jordanians have to deal with.
Courage is a mean with regard to fear and confidence.
There is no place in my soul, no corner of my character, where God is not.
I always say, complacency is the kiss of death.
My family barbecued a lot; good barbecue is more complicated than you think.
For disappearing acts, it's hard to beat what happens to the eight hours supposedly left after eight of sleep and eight of work.
We sincerely hope that south Asian countries will respect and live in amity with each other, and achieve common development, and that south Asia will enjoy peace, stability and prosperity.
It's not always the case that when you're dating someone that the family likes you.
Society is now one polished horde, formed of two mighty tries, the Bores and Bored.
It's only a matter of time before it all starts to fall apart, before things start to fall off. Short legs, long body. The kind of person who in the Middle Ages would come up over the hill on his horse, and they'd say, 'Get Wogan,' and I'd be there with my shield, the first to die.
How glorious a greeting the sun gives the mountains!
A healthy society rests on three pillars: business, government and civil society, or non-profits. Each has a distinct and important role to play, and all three need to work together synergistically to create the most value for society.
All women have a perception much more developed than men. So all women somehow, being repressed for so many millennia, they ended up by developing this sixth sense and contemplation and love. And this is something that we have a hard time to accept as part of our society.
Cultural patterns of oppression are not only interrelated but are bound together and influenced by the intersectional systems of society. Examples of this include race, gender, class, ability, and ethnicity.
I always thought the biggest failing of Americans was their lack of irony. They are very serious there! Naturally, there are exceptions... the Jewish, Italian, and Irish humor of the East Coast.
The feeling of insecurity is inimical to our sense of wellbeing, as it causes anxiety and stress, which harms our physical and mental health. It is no surprise then that, according to some surveys, workers across the world value job security more highly than wages.
You show me a highly unequal society, and I will show you a police state. Or an uprising. There are no counterexamples. None. It's not if, it's when.
I've always had great respect for Paddington because he is amusingly English and eccentric. He is a great British institution and my generation grew up with the books and then Michael Horden's animations.
There are few tribes more loathsome than the American Right, and their vicious use of the shortcomings in the NHS to attack Barack Obama's attempts at health reform are a useful reminder.
I reread Mesrine's book every year because the way the story is told is fascinating. Today, we don't have gangsters like Mesrine - he had humor.
Those who deny freedom to others deserve it not for themselves; and under the rule of a just God, cannot long retain it.
No society can surely be flourishing and happy, of which the far greater part of the members are poor and miserable.
It was some great times and some great moments... I'm proud to be a WWE alumni. If it wasn't for my time there, there's no way I'd be excelling at Fox and acting.
How strange this fear of death is! We are never frightened at a sunset.
Growing up, in church we had the homily; at home it's what I call the 'momily' - the inspirational and instructive mom-isms that every family has.
My work involves online dating, but I believe almost every behavior exhibited online has an offline corollary. Really, the medium doesn't change human nature.
Everything I've been through, everything I'm about to go through in my career and my life, if my family wasn't with me and didn't support me, it would be really tough.
I think people in Europe are generally pessimistic about the future. They have low expectations; they're not working hard to change things. When you're a slacker with a pessimistic view of the future, you're likely to meet those expectations.
Freedom is the one value conservatives place above all others, yet time and again, their ideal of freedom ignores the growing imbalance of power in our society that's eroding the freedoms of most people.
My mom is going to kill me for talking about sleeping with people. But I don't want to put myself in the position where I'm in a monogamous relationship right now. I'm not dating just one person. 'Sex and the City' changed everything for me because those girls would sleep with so many people.
If you... scaled down human beings, scaled down society, if you land with a group of little boys, they are more like a scaled-down version of society than a group of little girls would be.
Each of you is a unique child of God. God knows you individually. He sends messages of encouragement, correction, and direction fitted to you and to your needs.
We can change our lives. We can do, have, and be exactly what we wish.
There can be a fundamental gulf of gracelessness in a human heart which neither our love nor our courage can bridge.
A schedule defends from chaos and whim. It is a net for catching days. It is a scaffolding on which a worker can stand and labor with both hands at sections of time.
I reached rock bottom halfway through college. And it was - because of all the pressure that I think we're talking about right now - the pressure to learn how to budget, the pressure to really abandon everything that you ever learned. You don't have a comfort zone anymore. You don't have your neighborhood. You don't have your family with you.
It's important that we attempt to extend life beyond Earth now. It is the first time in the four billion-year history of Earth that it's been possible, and that window could be open for a long time - hopefully it is - or it could be open for a short time. We should err on the side of caution and do something now.
Most single moms are very poor, uneducated, can't get a job, and if it weren't for government assistance, their kids would be starving to death and never have health care. And that's the story that we're not seeing, and it's unfortunate that we glorify and glamorize the idea of out of children wedlock.
There is no lonelier man in death, except the suicide, than that man who has lived many years with a good wife and then outlived her. If two people love each other there can be no happy end to it.
I mean, Sting is one of my great buddies and I love him to death.
Life is a series of collisions with the future; it is not the sum of what we have been, but what we yearn to be.
Mother humor is such a universal theme. I wrote a show called '25 Questions for a Jewish Mother.' I had people coming up to me after the show saying, 'I'm Baptist, and my mother is just like yours.'
Everyone has different paths. I've been lucky to have a good support system - my family, friends and colleagues to keep me grounded and humble and to keep working hard. I never give up.
I have to extend my admiration and respect for Sam Esmail, who is a visionary with what he's done with 'Mr. Robot,' and this brilliant resurgence of Christian Slater only helped us get where we are today - very talented individual.
Respect is having respect for the people you play with and against, and respect for the shirt. Unity is about sticking together but also uniting the country. That was always the bigger cause for us, not just the cricket.
We need role models in our society that the youth can look up to because that space is shrinking.
There's no time to waste. Every day, there needs to be movement on something.
If you could get up the courage to begin, you have the courage to succeed.
I pray for forgiveness. For help and guidance. To be a better person. For the health of my family. For the world to be a better place.
Time is the school in which we learn, time is the fire in which we burn.
I had an interest in health policy and a realization that, as an academic physician, one of the things you're always looking to do is to have your clinical interests and your scholarly interests overlap and reinforce one another.
Marxism, Freudianism, global warming. These are proof - of which history offers so many examples - that people can be suckers on a grand scale. To their fanatical followers they are a substitute for religion. Global warming, in particular, is a creed, a faith, a dogma that has little to do with science.
From a small seed a mighty trunk may grow.
All mankind... being all equal and independent, no one ought to harm another in his life, health, liberty or possessions.
In any society, fanatics who hate don't hate only me - they hate you, too. They hate everybody.
People who are in a position of finding out that they're at risk for some illness, whether it's breast cancer, or heart disease, are afraid to get that information - even though it might be useful to them - because of fears that they'll lose their health insurance or their job.
I certainly respect the belief of the Hobby Lobby owners. On the other hand, they have no constitutional right to foist that belief on the hundreds and hundreds of women who work for them who don't share that belief.
In the history of the world, no one has ever washed a rented car.
Humans have continued to evolve quite a lot over the past ten thousand years, and certainly over 100 thousand. Sure, our biology affects our behavior. But it's unlikely that humans' early evolution is deeply relevant to contemporary psychological questions about dating or the willpower to complete a dissertation.
In general, questions are fine; you can always seize upon the parts of them that interest you and concentrate on answering those. And one has to remember when answering questions that asking questions isn't easy either, and for someone who's quite shy to stand up in an audience to speak takes some courage.
I actually worry that we're so mindlessly following the herd on privacy and data being the principle concerns when the actual things that are affecting the felt sense of your life and where your time goes, where your attention goes, where democracy goes, where teen mental health goes, where outrage goes.
History is written by the victors.
I'll come out and say it because no one else will: French gross-out humor is the best. Particularly the illustrated variety.
Fear is a relative thing; its effects are relative to power.
I have great respect for my parents. I got such beautiful things from both of them. It doesn't mean that we didn't have our rough times, but they were remarkable people who were open-minded, creative and hard-working, and had great senses of humor.
I loved Peter Sellers. I thought he was the perfect mix of physical comedy with out-of-the-box humor. I loved his tone; I loved his physicality; I loved everything about what he was doing as a comedic actor.
Bad behaviour makes men more glamorous. Women get destroyed, thrown out of society and locked up in institutions.
If we fail to develop a national coordinated response, based in science, I fear the pandemic will get far worse and be prolonged, causing unprecedented illness and fatalities. Without better planning, 2020 could be the darkest winter in modern history.
That is the great thing about policing, you do have a lot of responsibility very early and you have got to make decisions, sometimes life and death decisions, very quickly and there is something about putting a uniform on and thinking 'people are looking to me to make decisions and to look after them' that makes you feel capable.
Tough times never last, but tough people do.
For death is no more than a turning of us over from time to eternity.
A deep concern of mine is that leaders in the technology sector have not developed a culture that insists upon courage, honor, duty, and humility - what we might call a culture of virtue.
Once we got over the origin story, we could really delve deeper into their lives and characters and angst. So this movie actually has more heart, more humor.
Because of cyberattacks and fake news, we can already imagine the problem all democratic societies will face in future elections: how to limit lies when they threaten democracy?
The terrorists didn't think that Yazidi girls would have the courage to tell the world every detail of what they did to us. We defy them by not letting their crimes go unanswered.
I don't want to live in a society that does these sort of things... I do not want to live in a world where everything I do and say is recorded. That is not something I am willing to support or live under.
And I will show that nothing can happen more beautiful than death.
You'll notice that my books offer great variety. Some are for adults, some for children and some for teens. There are mysteries, historical novels, picture books, love stories and stories of crisis and courage.
All I know about humor is that I don't know anything about it.
I don't know any other way to live but to wake up every day armed with my convictions, not yielding them to the threat of danger and to the power and force of people who might despise me.
As a well-spent day brings happy sleep, so a life well spent brings happy death.
We are living in a world of fear. The life of man today is corroded and made bitter by fear: fear of the future, fear of the hydrogen bomb, fear of ideologies. Perhaps this fear is a greater danger than the danger itself because it is fear, which drives men to act thoughtlessly, to act dangerously.
There'd never been a more advantageous time to be a criminal in America than during the 13 years of Prohibition. At a stroke, the American government closed down the fifth largest industry in the United States - alcohol production - and just handed it to criminals - a pretty remarkable thing to do.
We didn't have any solution to the world's problems. I mean, we were trying to grow up in a socialist way to some future where the world might be less of a miserable place than it is.
Humor is the most important thing in life. It trumps everything else, and it's the only thing that helps me deal with everything else.
Keeping books on social aid is capitalistic nonsense. I just use the money for the poor. I can't stop to count it.
It goes without saying that the desire to accomplish the task with more confidence, to avoid wasting time and labour, and to spare our experimental animals as much as possible, made us strictly observe all the precautions taken by surgeons in respect to their patients.
I'm not afraid to fight for things I believe in, and I'm not afraid to respect people that have another point of view.
Men create real miracles when they use their God-given courage and intelligence.
I am a young girl, and I am open to dating, but at the risk of sounding cliched, I really don't have the time for it.
I played for Sampdoria and stayed there 15 years. Of course, I could have gone to Juventus, to AC Milan, to Inter Milan many times, but I preferred to remain because Sampdoria were my family, from the owners to the players.
To have faith doesn't mean you get any less frustrated when you don't do your best, but you know that it's not life and death. Take what you're given, and when you continue to work hard, you will see results. That will give you the confidence you need to keep going.
Lincoln made mistakes. Roosevelt made mistakes. Eisenhower made mistakes. The Battle of the Bulge was the biggest intelligence failure in American military history, much bigger than any in Vietnam or now. We didn't know that the Soviets were moving 400,000 or 500,000 troops. We missed it.
The more I am in a position to be tried in faith with reference to my body, my family, my service for the Lord, my business, etc., the more shall I have opportunity of seeing God's help and deliverance; and every fresh instance, in which He helps and delivers me, will tend towards the increase of my faith.
Fear of death increases in exact proportion to increase in wealth.
To lovers of the truth, nothing can be put before God and hope in Him.
I'm happy to say that at 62, I think I've reached that point where stuff doesn't bother me as much, and my gratitude level has gone way up, especially having gone through the loss that I've had, and losing so many of the great artists that I was close to. They taught me how to see it with a grain of salt and a lot of humor and perspective.
I think I'm too cynical for L.A. My sense of humor doesn't go down well here, which probably affects my love life. I need to have a laugh track following me around so people know I'm trying to be funny.
God is so unique in giving His people ways to fellowship, witness, and remember what a mighty and merciful God He is.
I'm always on the verge of death in my head.
The history of liberty has largely been the history of the observance of procedural safeguards.
Even the most understated ceremony involves a certain respect for ritual and pageantry. No one plays more of a significant role than the bride's attendants.
The difference between a democracy and a dictatorship is that in a democracy you vote first and take orders later; in a dictatorship you don't have to waste your time voting.
I was always looking outside myself for strength and confidence but it comes from within. It is there all the time.
The only difference between a hero and the villain is that the villain chooses to use that power in a way that is selfish and hurts other people.
In every conceivable manner, the family is link to our past, bridge to our future.
In BJP & RSS, there are good people I respect, but some are playing dirty games.
For me, democratic socialism is about - really, the value for me is that I believe that in a modern, moral, and wealthy society, no person in America should be too poor to live.
Throughout history, great leaders have known the power of humor.
If God is the mystery of the universe, these mysteries, we're tackling these mysteries one by one. If you're going to stay religious at the end of the conversation, God has to mean more to you than just where science has yet to tread.
In the 1990s, it's OK to do comedy about the Chernobyl disaster or the Space Shuttle blowing up. It's acceptable to ridicule the Pope or the President of the United States, but God forbid you do a joke... about gays. The gay community is the last sacred cow in this society.
A grateful heart is a beginning of greatness. It is an expression of humility. It is a foundation for the development of such virtues as prayer, faith, courage, contentment, happiness, love, and well-being.
Humor distorts nothing, and only false gods are laughed off their earthly pedestals.
Overdeliver on promises and deadlines. Show up early, deliver your product early, and deliver more than you promised. Overdeliver now, and in the future, you will be overpaid.
The future is something I'm looking forward to.
Concentration of wealth yields concentration of political power. And concentration of political power gives rise to legislation that increases and accelerates the cycle.
My first impression of Jane Fonda was she is a queen. She is royalty. She walks into the room - any room - and has this presence about her that demands respect.
The family, that dear octopus from whose tentacles we never quite escape, nor in our innermost hearts never quite wish to.
I think that some books are more successful than others to certain readers. People who read my books for the humor, they're going to love one book. People who read my books for the mystery, they might not like that book quite as much.
I have a great family, I live an amazing life.
I'm enjoying dating. I'm single, though, I'm not in a relationship.
I'd like to thank God for giving me the opportunity to sing with the greatest group in the world.
I'm just a living witness that you can be an imperfect soldier and still be in the army fighting for God Almighty. Don't you think you got to be perfect 'cause I ain't.
I have always detested any departure from reality, an attitude which I relate to my mother's poor mental health.
A few years after my father's death, my mother sent me to the United Kingdom for 'better prospects' in 1951. Those four years were not easy.
One should respect public opinion insofar as is necessary to avoid starvation and keep out of prison, but anything that goes beyond this is voluntary submission to an unnecessary tyranny.
I was dating someone and wanted to get married to him. But just because casting couch exists in TFI and I work here, he didn't respect me.
The study of history empowers nations and individuals with an ability to avoid errors of the past and lay foundations for victories in the future.
Valor lies just halfway between rashness and cowardice.
A cynical, mercenary, demagogic press will in time produce a people as base as itself.
My dad was very much a John Wayne kind of guy, but he was also a great guy, great sense of humor, a real dedicated dad. I don't think he ever missed a hockey game I was in.
Religion has nothing to do with God. It's a fundamental attitude of human beings, who ask about the origins of life and what happens after death. For many, the answer is a personal god. In my opinion, it's religion that produces God, not the other way round.
There is - I mean - I found early in life that righteous indignation is a little off-putting, and so I try to couch it with humor.
Nothing is easy in cricket. Maybe when you watch it on TV, it looks easy. But it is not. You have to use your brain and time the ball.
When we pull back the curtain and take a look at what our 'colorblind' society creates without affirmative action, we see a familiar social, political, and economic structure - the structure of racial caste. The entrance into this new caste system can be found at the prison gate.
Our country is one of the youngest in the world. Our youngsters need to be told inspirational stories.
At the time that I knew them, they were not living together. They began dating again after their divorce, so I didn't really see fighting.
To us, family means putting your arms around each other and being there.
So my favorite online dating website is OkCupid, not least because it was started by a group of mathematicians.
Here is the rule to remember in the future, When anything tempts you to be bitter: not, 'This is a misfortune' but 'To bear this worthily is good fortune.'
Business, more than any other occupation, is a continual dealing with the future; it is a continual calculation, an instinctive exercise in foresight.
What then is time? If no one asks me, I know what it is. If I wish to explain it to him who asks, I do not know.
It's a horrible idea that God, this paragon of wisdom and knowledge, power, couldn't think of a better way to forgive us our sins than to come down to Earth in his alter ego as his son and have himself hideously tortured and executed so that he could forgive himself.
In Europe first and now in America, elected men have taken it upon themselves to indebt their people to create an atmosphere of dependency. And why? For their own selfish need to increase their own personal power.
I see film as a real opportunity to examine the human condition. No matter where the technology goes in the future, the basics don't change. Storytelling is a primitive tribal function. The elders sat around the fires and told these stories as a way to pass on the 'dos' and the 'don'ts.' That will never change.
I think the biggest thing is just focusing on the day-to-day, your routine, not getting caught up in the future or the past and just being right there and focusing on what you have to do that day or that night to help your team win.
Beliefs have the power to create and the power to destroy. Human beings have the awesome ability to take any experience of their lives and create a meaning that disempowers them or one that can literally save their lives.
It may be that by watching everywhere we go, by watching everything we do, by analyzing every word we say, by waiting and passing judgment over every association we make and every person we love, that we could uncover a terrorist plot, or we could discover more criminals. But is that the kind of society we want to live in?
At the end of the day, is Singapore society better or worse off? That's the test.
The basic premise of the Constitution was a separation of powers and a system of checks and balances because man was perceived as a fallen creature and would always yearn for more power.
Time = Life, Therefore, waste your time and waste of your life, or master your time and master your life.
Abraham wasn't perfect. He failed, made mistakes. But, he would go back, get right with God, and then just keep moving forward. He didn't quit when things got hard. He just kept on going. And everywhere he went, God was there. God was with him.
The most important element of a free society, where individual rights are held in the highest esteem, is the rejection of the initiation of violence.
I'm a mama's boy because everything I do is with respect to my mother. I won't do a movie or a video that would bring disrespect to my mother.
I don't hope for anything. Not only in my professional life, but in my family life also. My total lifestyle is like that.
Insider trading by hedge funds has a long and distinguished history, dating to the days when people didn't know that there was such a thing as a hedge fund.
Thanksgiving is a time of togetherness and gratitude.
Basically, there are two paths you can walk: faith or fear. It's impossible to simultaneously trust God and not trust God.
Heroes to me are guys that sit in libraries. They absorb knowledge and then the risks they take are calculated on the basis of the courage it took to become replete with knowledge.
I believe that young people are looking for answers to the big questions just like everyone else, and that they respect intelligent comment to help guide them through tough times.
I know all I really wanna do is get money and take care of my family.
I grew up in a Chinese family where the parents' No. 1 priority is the kids' education.
Racism is systemic: It's oppression that's built into the laws, legislation, into the way neighborhoods are policed, and into job opportunities and health care and education.
An Asian way of eating and living may help prevent and even reverse the progression of coronary heart disease, diabetes, hypertension, obesity, prostate cancer and breast cancer. Incorporate more fruits, vegetables, whole grains, legumes, soy products and fish in your diet. Eat at home more with your family and friends.
All men are born with a nose and five fingers, but no one is born with a knowledge of God.
Everyone should have health insurance? I say everyone should have health care. I'm not selling insurance.
Anyone who has to have the word 'charming' in their name probably isn't - just take a look at any dating site where men use 'prince charming' in their description.
The wave of the future is coming and there is no fighting it.
I want history to remember me... not as the first black woman to have made a bid for the presidency of the United States, but as a black woman who lived in the 20th century and who dared to be herself. I want to be remembered as a catalyst for change in America.
It's true in everything, not just in drag: To be a success, you have to understand the landscape. You have to know thyself, and you have to know your history so that you can draw from people who have figured out the equation you are faced with. It's not rocket science.
I've learned to trust myself that I'm going to make healthy choices because I care about my health.
And, you know, I liked writing humor. Well, I should say, I wanted to write seriously, but it kept turning funny.
Literature adds to reality, it does not simply describe it. It enriches the necessary competencies that daily life requires and provides; and in this respect, it irrigates the deserts that our lives have already become.
A lot of times, in our culture and our society, we put romantic love somehow on a higher plane than self-love and friendship love. You can't do that. You have to honor and really fully invest in all these different loving relationships.
The world is a complex place, and the influence of the media in its representation and its power of communication and interpretation is a remarkable amplifier of emotions, and of illusions.
If you have children, you cannot feed them forever with flags for breakfast and cartridges for lunch. You need something more substantial. Unless you educate your children and spend less money on conflicts, unless you develop your science, technology and industry, you don't have a future.
For me, surfing is as close a connection I can have with Mother Nature. To surf, you're riding a pulse of energy from Mother Nature. And it's strong. It's real. It's there. And you're dancing with that. You're connecting with that. You're might be the only person in the history of the universe that connects with that particular pulse of energy.
Kunta Kinte is the closest thing I've ever seen... to a superhero. He's amazing. He's inspirational.
We don't have the luxury of time. We spend more because of how we live, but it's important to be with our family and friends.
What you see on stage is pretty much the way I am... a dry sense of humor.
Reflective of the deep sense of gratitude and respect Mongolians reserved for wolves, there was a belief that only through wolves could the spirit of a deceased human be set free to go to Heaven.
I was also dating someone from UCLA and also I had another suitor, Jimmy Caan. So it was between my college boyfriend, Jimmy Caan and Hef. And Hef won. Within a few months, we were exclusive.
I would love to be a Franciscan brother. I'm just not sure I have the courage to do it.
I'm often dating people, but I don't say it because you sort of know it won't last long.
I think there's something about the Irish experience - that we had to have a sense of humor or die.
I think that the reason for my success is that I am really not aspirational. I am inspirational in that the people at home feel like they can really relate to me.
In time of peace prepare for war.
Anyone can be heroic from time to time, but a gentleman is something you have to be all the time.
And I'm running for president to get America working again so that we can actually fix health care, build infrastructure, improve public education, make sure there's jobs in every community in this country.
All humans make mistakes. But there is no room or allowance in the fevered world of conspiracy theorists for mistakes, human errors, anomalies, or plain incompetence, though the latter, from the highest levels on down, is endemic to our society.
The world's a small place and people are watching; and, you know, somebody disappears, the family knows and their colleagues know, and so eventually, these things do get out.
Money spent on carbon cuts is money we can't use for effective investments in food aid, micronutrients, HIV/AIDS prevention, health and education infrastructure, and clean water and sanitation.
Never cut a tree down in the wintertime. Never make a negative decision in the low time. Never make your most important decisions when you are in your worst moods. Wait. Be patient. The storm will pass. The spring will come.
The greatest lesson I learned that year in Mrs. Henry's class was the lesson Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., tried to teach us all: Never judge people by the color of their skin. God makes each of us unique in ways that go much deeper.
I am a woman, and I am a Latina. Those are the things that make my writing distinctive. Those are the things that give my writing power.
I don't want to big myself up, but goals like mine leave a mark on history because they're rare.
More firm and sure the hand of courage strikes, when it obeys the watchful eye of caution.
I've realized the extraordinary power of sports to heal, unite and inspire. I believe the Olympics will serve as the ultimate platform to provide positive changes and I hope to inspire all of Japan through my strong showing there.
The function of the press in society is to inform, but its role in society is to make money.
It's weird doing red carpets; it's uncomfortable. But you can have a sense of humor about it.
Peace is a journey of a thousand miles and it must be taken one step at a time.
There is in true beauty, as in courage, something which narrow souls cannot dare to admire.
Courage to be is the key to revelatory power of the feminist revolution.
Hubert Humphrey talks so fast that listening to him is like trying to read Playboy magazine with your wife turning the pages.
I've never dated anywhere else, so I only know L.A. dating, and I wouldn't wish it upon my worst enemy. I've pulled back and taken the pressure off of myself to figure it out, because there's so much pressure about status that dating has become this game where you pull out all your tricks.
The ultimate test of a moral society is the kind of world that it leaves to its children.
Morality is the least of my concerns. To me, morality in a society that - however moral its pose - is hierarchically organized is simply a lie, an alibi for the inequalities that exist in society.
Hardly a competent workman can be found who does not devote a considerable amount of time to studying just how slowly he can work and still convince his employer that he is going at a good pace.
When you grow up by the sea, you spend a good deal of time looking at the horizon. You wonder what on Earth the waves might bring - and where the sea might deposit you - until one day you know you have lived between two places, the scene of arrival and the point of departure.
While actors are great and awesome, writers literally create new worlds from scratch. What is sexier than that? Personally, I don't know why every last person out there isn't dating a writer.
Fascism is a religion. The twentieth century will be known in history as the century of Fascism.
Statistics on the dangers guns pose to the health of their owners and those who live with them suggest that I'd be safer selling my guns than reserving them for 'Tombstone II.'
I shall earnestly and persistently continue to urge all women to the practical recognition of the old Revolutionary maxim. Resistance to tyranny is obedience to God.
I belong to a Bohri Muslim family, and for us, food is our biggest celebration. We are used to elaborate five- to six-course meals.
Happy is said to be the family which can eat onions together. They are, for the time being, separate, from the world, and have a harmony of aspiration.
To get down to the quick of it, respect motivates me - not success.
Death is not extinguishing the light; it is only putting out the lamp because the dawn has come.
The love of truth lies at the root of much humor.
The day which we fear as our last is but the birthday of eternity.
Probably because I'm from a middle class family, I have that nature in me that I don't get too excited with big things.
We have to see that we're a part of each other, and we have to take care of each other. The reason why they have universal health care in Canada and Britain, these other places? Because they believe if one suffers, everybody suffers.
The fear of death is the most unjustified of all fears, for there's no risk of accident for someone who's dead.
When I first got involved in the underground metal scene in '82, '83, there were only about five or six major Death or Black Metal bands around. There were so many other bands that were inspirational, that really helped.
The secret to humor is surprise.
There are two powers in the world; one is the sword and the other is the pen. There is a great competition and rivalry between the two. There is a third power stronger than both, that of the women.
Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared.
The Chinaman has only a passive courage, but this courage he possesses in the highest degree. His indifference to death is truly extraordinary. When he is ill, he sees it approach, and does not falter. When condemned, and already in the hands of an officer, he manifests no fear.
My own experience of dating cis-hetero men has really been a challenge, because of the stigma they have to endure for attempting to love us.
My favorite place to go is Zabriskie Point in Death Valley. If you see it at sunrise and sunset, it's like you're on Mars.
Sports have always been a really important part of how I energize myself, as well as how I relax. I spend a lot of my spare time with my family playing tennis, biking and rollerblading.
If you're dating the quarterback and then you go out with the hockey player, you just go to the hockey games. I don't think I'll still go to the football games.
Those folks at Death Row were the Rolling Stones of their time.
Being dragged off that bus was worth it just to see Barack Obama become president, because so many others gave their lives and didn't get to see it, and I thank God for letting me see it.
It's no longer a question of staying healthy. It's a question of finding a sickness you like.
Philip Roth is a fabulous writer, but he pretty much stays within his own life. He's so good - I mean, practically anything I've ever read of his I've really enjoyed. He just has tremendous talent. But I think he should have given himself a break and gone deeper into the society.
I think goals should never be easy, they should force you to work, even if they are uncomfortable at the time.
I postpone death by living, by suffering, by error, by risking, by giving, by losing.
The point of power is always in the present moment.
Without history we are nothing, so it's worth finding out something about it.
It's music. It's supposed to be fun and inspirational. You have to be inspired. If I did it because it was my 'job,' and I only did it to make money, I don't think I'd still be doing it.
The ideas of the ruling class are in every epoch the ruling ideas, i.e., the class which is the ruling material force of society, is at the same time its ruling intellectual force.
When finally I mustered the courage to tell a novelist friend that I was talking to editors about a biography, her reply was, 'Oh, that's okay. That's not a real book.'
God has given us an imagination, and our imagination is really the principle tool from which all creativity and artistry comes from.
God grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, the courage to change the things I can, and the wisdom to know the difference.
Throw your dreams into space like a kite, and you do not know what it will bring back, a new life, a new friend, a new love, a new country.
Stay away from family when you are working on a startup.
I used to think I was tough, but there's a difference between bravado and courage, and I only started to show courage when I began to get help. So now I make a point of telling people, 'Hey, it's a good thing to ask for help, not a bad thing.'
Our Heavenly Father knows us and our circumstances and even what faces us in the future. His Beloved Son, Jesus Christ, our Savior, has suffered and paid for our sins and those of all the people we will ever meet. He has perfect understanding of the feelings, the suffering, the trials, and the needs of every individual.
Care for life and physical health, with due regard for the needs of others and the common good, is concomitant with respect for human dignity.
We think of our future as anticipated memories.
People ask if I feel pigeon-holed by always doing the same kind of humorous role. But my tool has always been humor because it's the most entertaining way to put any ideology across, and it's fun, and it's positive, and it's a healer. Laughter is God's gift. I feel privileged to be able to do it.
I'm happy, I'm in a good place, I'm looking forward to my future.
If we stay focused on data and the real issues, we can tailor our inventions to enhance public health and safety while decreasing the likelihood of racial discrimination.
The NHS cannot be privatised if that's not the will of the Scottish people, and the Scottish health service will have the funding that's necessary if that's also the will of the Scottish people.
Brits have a better sense of humor in most ways. It's darker, more cutting.
Mercy is what moves us toward God, while justice makes us tremble in his sight.
We tend to look through language and not realize how much power language has.
Many of the contradictions in Postmodern art come from the fact that we're trying to be artists in a democratic society. This is because in a democracy, the ideal is compromise. In art, it isn't.
If, like me, you're interested in history, Egypt is a place of wonders. It's the land of many civilisations, including Greek, Roman, Christian, and Muslim.
I've got a great sense of humor, and if I'm able to say or do something in a movie that people feel like they want to repeat, that's hugely flattering.
While we read history we make history.
I grew up with just my mum and sister, so I respect women a lot.
We need, ultimately, to be able to view mental health with the same clear-headedness we show when talking about physical health.
You can't forgive without loving. And I don't mean sentimentality. I don't mean mush. I mean having enough courage to stand up and say, 'I forgive. I'm finished with it.'
People ask me why my figures have to be so black. There are a lot of reasons. First, the blackness is a rhetorical device. When we talk about ourselves as a people and as a culture, we talk about black history, black culture, black music. That's the rhetorical position we occupy.
My family comes first. Maybe that's what makes me different from other guys.
From my films, you can at least learn about Iran, you can get a sense of the history and the society. But no such films have been made about Afghanistan, so you really can't know much about it.
The great thing about university is that they incline you to get up and do it, from the Classics to modern plays, to the humor that Monty Pythons made popular.
Well, I think that - I think leadership's always been about two main things: imagination and courage.
Our country has been overtaken by murderous thugs... gangsters who lust after fortunes and power.
Fear not for the future, weep not for the past.
Do good 'cause God wants you to be happy. When you come to church, when you worship Him, you're not doing it for God, really. You're doing it for yourself because that's what makes God happy.
Modern medicine is a negation of health. It isn't organized to serve human health, but only itself, as an institution. It makes more people sick than it heals.
America's health care system provides some of the finest doctors and more access to vital medications than any country in the world. And yet, our system has been faltering for many years with the increased cost of health care.
Those who won our independence... valued liberty as an end and as a means. They believed liberty to be the secret of happiness and courage to be the secret of liberty.
Be assured those will be thy worst enemies, not to whom thou hast done evil, but who have done evil to thee. And those will be thy best friends, not to whom thou hast done good, but who have done good to thee.
A filmmaker doesn't have to suffer to show suffering. You just have to understand it. You don't have to die to shoot a death scene.
An important part of dating is communicating. We communicate by sharing our thoughts, ideas, and feelings. We enjoy being with someone when we have an easy time communicating or when we have a lot to talk about.
Broadway's never my end goal because of the plays I write. These are tough plays. Of course there's a lot of humor, but my goal is just to reach as wide an audience as possible, however that happens.
'In the Pines' is a very old song dating back to slavery. Lead Belly made it popular.
Everyone has power. But it doesn't help if you don't use it.
Nothing is more despicable than respect based on fear.
It's been a long road back to health and fitness for me. I am just glad to have been given the opportunity to do what I love most.
One of the main lessons I have learned during my five years as Secretary-General is that broad partnerships are the key to solving broad challenges. When governments, the United Nations, businesses, philanthropies and civil society work hand-in-hand, we can achieve great things.
The role of the teacher remains the highest calling of a free people. To the teacher, America entrusts her most precious resource, her children; and asks that they be prepared... to face the rigors of individual participation in a democratic society.
Lack of education, old age, bad health or discrimination - these are causes of poverty, and the way to attack it is to go to the root.
By giving people the power to share, we're making the world more transparent.
As the humanities and liberal arts are downsized, privatized, and commodified, higher education finds itself caught in the paradox of claiming to invest in the future of young people while offering them few intellectual, civic, and moral supports.
There's only one requirement of any of us, and that is to be courageous. Because courage, as you might know, defines all other human behavior. And, I believe - because I've done a little of this myself - pretending to be courageous is just as good as the real thing.
Cynicism is humor in ill health.
Sometimes the only way to deal with horrific things in life is through a dark sense of humor.
Of all the gods only death does not desire gifts.
God the Father and God the Son cannot be everywhere present; indeed they cannot be even in two places at the same instant: but God the Holy Spirit is omnipresent - it extends through all space, with all other matter.
All literary men are Red Sox fans - to be a Yankee fan in a literate society is to endanger your life.
I've never made a penny being a doctor, so that makes it not a job. My sense of a doctor is that one is a presence caring for health. So I'm never not a doctor. People call me from all over the world who are hurting, and I care for them. Chatting is what more people want than anything.
And so Adam, in that his speech to Eve, uttered his faith in the promise made to her of her seed, and so in that respect Adam himself came in under her covenant.
Yes, you must have the courage of being free.
If physical death is the price that I must pay to free my white brothers and sisters from a permanent death of the spirit, then nothing can be more redemptive.
History is an endless repetition of the wrong way of living.
If you don't treat an ingredient and its flavors with respect - if you drown it in oil, for instance - you'll spoil it.
We vote for politicians with lower voices, it's true, because we associate depth with power and with authority.
We'll have a sales leader go run engineering. A lawyer go run business development. A business development leader go run our consumer operations. We're going to train a generalist group of leaders who know how to learn and operate in collaboration teamwork. I think that's the future of leadership.
Earth's crammed with heaven, And every common bush afire with God: But only he who sees takes off his shoes.
You will know that forgiveness has begun when you recall those who hurt you and feel the power to wish them well.
Science may provide the most useful way to organize empirical, reproducible data, but its power to do so is predicated on its inability to grasp the most central aspects of human life: hope, fear, love, hate, beauty, envy, honor, weakness, striving, suffering, virtue.
Jon has always been the romantic. He started dating before I did. I was more awkward and nervous in front of girls in high school.
Find something bigger than yourself and pour every ounce of who you are into it. If that's your family, be the best father on Earth. If you are a cop, firefighter, or a trash man, be the best.
My argument is that War makes rattling good history; but Peace is poor reading.
There are those who would draw a sharp line between power politics and a principled foreign policy based on values. This polarized view - you are either a realist or devoted to norms and values - may be just fine in academic debate, but it is a disaster for American foreign policy. American values are universal.
Above all, remember that God looks for solid virtues in us, such as patience, humility, obedience, abnegation of your own will - that is, the good will to serve Him and our neighbor in Him. His providence allows us other devotions only insofar as He sees that they are useful to us.
Not only does God play dice, but... he sometimes throws them where they cannot be seen.
There's always a source for humor.
Let each man exercise the art he knows.
You can love and hate your family with equal measure, but the power of the bond you have to have with them, you can't really ever walk away.
The good news is, Americans know firsthand the benefits of a free market - more choices, lower prices, higher quality - and there is no reason why we cannot help them see these same benefits in health care.
Traditions are our roots and a profile of who we are as individuals and who we are as a family. They are our roots, which give us stability and a sense of belonging - they ground us.
Respect commands itself and can neither be given nor withheld when it is due.
We just feel like history repeats itself. You ain't never going to see nothing brand new; you're only going to see when records are broken. And we're here to just set records and set trends and follow the footsteps that have been shown to us.
Since I was a little girl, I have witnessed the strength and courage that energized my mother, who left every sorrow and pain in the past, who would work unyieldingly to obtain her goals, who was the great warrior from whom I learned all the values that are today fundamental pillars of my every day.
It's going to be interesting to see how society deals with artificial intelligence, but it will definitely be cool.
The best time to plant a tree was 25 years ago. The second-best time to plant a tree is today.
As an atheist, I am angry that we live in a society in which the plain truth cannot be spoken without offending 90% of the population.
Women tend to be conservative in youth and get more radical as they get older because they lose power with age. So if a young woman is not a feminist, I say, 'Just wait.'
In Einstein's equation, time is a river. It speeds up, meanders, and slows down. The new wrinkle is that it can have whirlpools and fork into two rivers. So, if the river of time can be bent into a pretzel, create whirlpools and fork into two rivers, then time travel cannot be ruled out.
We must have the courage to confront dreadful views even in the people we love the most. But that's difficult to do when we cast large segments of our fellow citizens into a basket to be condemned and disparaged, judging them even as we ignore that many of their deplorable traits exist in us, too.
Old age is a tyrant, who forbids, under pain of death, the pleasures of youth.
What is called genius is the abundance of life and health.
The charm of fame is so great that we like every object to which it is attached, even death.
I believe that God has blessed me in immeasurable ways so that I can, in return, bless and help others.
He who has health, has hope; and he who has hope, has everything.
If you ever start feeling like you have the goofiest, craziest, most dysfunctional family in the world, all you have to do is go to a state fair. Because five minutes at the fair, you'll be going, 'you know, we're alright. We are dang near royalty.'
When two people talk with mutual respect and listen with a real interest in understanding another point of view, when they try to put themselves in the place of another, to get inside their skin, they change the world, even if it is only by a minute amount, because they are establishing equality between two human beings.
In the years that I worked in museums, first as a summer student and eventually as a curator, one of the primary lessons I learned was this: History is shaped by the people who seek to preserve it. We, of the present, decide what to keep, what to put on display, what to put into storage, and what to discard.
What can you say about a society that says that God is dead and Elvis is alive?
The spring wakes us, nurtures us and revitalizes us. How often does your spring come? If you are a prisoner of the calendar, it comes once a year. If you are creating authentic power, it comes frequently, or very frequently.
Everywhere is nowhere. When a person spends all his time in foreign travel, he ends by having many acquaintances, but no friends.
History is cyclical, and it would be foolhardy to assume that the culture wars will never return.
Courage is the birthplace of confidence.
Loved. You can't use it in the past tense. Death does not stop that love at all.
Life moves fast. As much as you can learn from your history, you have to move forward.
I think most of us are raised with preconceived notions of the choices we're supposed to make. We waste so much time making decisions based on someone else's idea of our happiness - what will make you a good citizen or a good wife or daughter or actress. Nobody says, 'Just be happy - go be a cobbler or go live with goats.'
Death gives meaning to our lives. It gives importance and value to time. Time would become meaningless if there were too much of it.
All our knowledge merely helps us to die a more painful death than animals that know nothing.
The man who practises unselfishness, who is genuinely interested in the welfare of others, who feels it a privilege to have the power to do a fellow-creature a kindness - even though polished manners and a gracious presence may be absent - will be an elevating influence wherever he goes.
When you have a wife who has been a tower of strength and shown more courage than you dreamed existed - that's the finest I know.
No person, no place, and no thing has any power over us, for 'we' are the only thinkers in our mind. When we create peace and harmony and balance in our minds, we will find it in our lives.
Audacity, hope, courage - the Libyans have these in abundance. But all those boring little things - like organization, building a committee - is hard; making decisions and moving ahead is hard.
The American culture is pursue your own happiness, follow your dreams. The Chinese side is sacrifice everything for your family; it's all about the group. Those conflicting ideas were always a battle in my head.
A #2 pencil and a dream can take you anywhere.
I want to find the candidates who understand the principles of American exceptionalism and have the character, the courage, and the confidence to actually lead the greatest nation in the world.
It's just the risk that I take and the sacrifice that I make: Putting myself, my career, my family's peace of mind on the line just to do right by my fans. It ain't no gray area: You're either with that and willing to go out of your way to make people who contribute to your dreams coming true happy or you aren't.
I could describe my career in two words: who knew. I was on the path to becoming a professional baseball player, but I got injured in college. When I decided to move out to L.A. to try acting, nobody was betting on me, not even my family.
As long as I value what I have and respect my cricket, I know I am on the right path.
The very ink with which history is written is merely fluid prejudice.
The first step in empowerment is taking control of your health, respecting yourself and understanding and celebrating the value you bring to your family and society.
I started to send my work to journals when I was 26, which was just a question of when I got the courage up. They were mostly journals I had been reading for the previous six or seven years.
It is characteristic of all deep human problems that they are not to be approached without some humor and some bewilderment.
More than ever before, consumers have the ability to unify their voices and coalesce their buying power to influence corporate behaviors.
Albert II, Prince of Monaco
The world will step aside for nearly anyone who has the courage of his of her opinions.
Everything that happens once can never happen again. But everything that happens twice will surely happen a third time.
I believe that God has put gifts and talents and ability on the inside of every one of us. When you develop that and you believe in yourself and you believe that you're a person of influence and a person of purpose, I believe you can rise up out of any situation.
It is extremely important to understand that a healthy diet is a lifestyle change in that it's not something you can just dip in and out of and expect results and or optimum health.
The President regards the Japanese as a brave people; but courage, though useful in time of war, is subordinate to knowledge of arts; hence, courage without such knowledge is not to be highly esteemed.
There was a difference between the rock 'n' roll royalty, the woman who was married to or dating a rock star and the girl that hung out and just wanted sex.
Coy Wire played in the NFL for 9 years and is now a motivational speaker and has a book out called 'Change Your Mind.' He is an amazing person with such positive energy! When Kroy and I first met and started dating, there weren't a whole lot of people that supported us, but Coy always did.
People who don't believe in God may have their own way of justifying some bad act they have committed.
Violence is a part of America. I don't want to single out rap music. Let's be honest. America's the most violent country in the history of the world, that's just the way it is. We're all affected by it.
The Stonewall riots were a key moment for gay people. Throughout modern history, gays had thought of themselves as something like a mental illness or maybe a sin or a crime. Gay liberation allowed us to make the leap to being a 'minority group,' which made life much easier.
I have been a big fan of the 'Fast and the Furious' franchise. The films are fast-paced, fun and keep the audience involved. There is a great mix of humor and action, something I really appreciate.
Everywhere I go I find that people... both leaders and individuals... are asking one basic question, 'Is there any hope for the future?' My answer is the same, 'Yes, through Jesus Christ.'
Back in 2004, Kellie Overbey handed me her play 'Girl Talk' to read. I fell in love with her brutally delicious humor and the fearlessly deft way in which she drew her characters. They jumped off the page and begged me to give them a space in which to stomp around.
I have a Tinder account. Now I've done Bumble, and I've tried this other one, and the way I justified it is that... because I'm on TV, I shouldn't be eliminated from participating in what's going on in the world. But people are always like, 'I can't believe you're on a dating app!'
Obedience opens the door to the constant companionship of the Holy Ghost. And the spiritual gifts and abilities activated by the power of the Holy Ghost enable us to avoid deception - and to see, to feel, to know, to understand, and to remember things as they really are.
We must begin to tell black women's stories because, without them, we cannot tell the story of black men, white men, white women, or anyone else in this country. The story of black women is critical because those who don't know their history are doomed to repeat it.
For prayer is nothing else than being on terms of friendship with God.
It takes more than just a good looking body. You've got to have the heart and soul to go with it.
In carrying out every aspect of our work, CIA officers are guided by a professional ethos that is the sum of our abiding principles, core values, and highest aspirations. These include service, integrity, excellence, courage, teamwork, and stewardship. Sacrifice, too, is an inescapable part of our mission.
If we have to use force, it is because we are America. We are the indispensable nation. We stand tall. We see further into the future.
Together, we can nurture the talent of the future and bring the empowering force of music and the arts to a new generation.
I'm always supportive of my brothers who have the guts to step in the cage. Pro wrestling is dangerous but it takes a special kind of courage to lock yourself in a cage that wants to do you harm.
That is the saving grace of humor, if you fail no one is laughing at you.
The first ingredient in conversation is truth, the next good sense, the third good humor, and the fourth wit.
In modern life, we tend to forget family values because of the hectic schedule.
Everything can change in the blink of an eye. But don't worry; God never blinks.
I was born deaf. I was raised in a hearing world and in a deaf world at the same time. I can't say that I like one better than I like the other. I like them both. I speak pretty well; I gesture. If I don't understand something, you know, pen and paper, texting. I use it all.
If you look at Gothic detailing right down to the bottom of a column or the capital of a column, it's a small version of the whole building; that's why, like dating the backbones of a dinosaur, a good historian can look at a detail of a Gothic building and tell you exactly what the rest of the building was, and infer the whole from the parts.
The more work you put in, and the more you constantly and consistently give good performances against good opponents and constantly exceed people's expectations, the more you really endear yourself to the crowd. That's how your career takes off - it's just consistency and time.
No one should suffer from the great delusion that any form of communism or socialism which promotes the dictatorship of the few instead of the initiative of the millions can produce a happier or more prosperous society.
It is only the impossible that is possible for God. He has given over the possible to the mechanics of matter and the autonomy of his creatures.
With the Internet and blockchain, everything is changed. It's the future of content.
There is no social program in this country that is as important as a good job that pays well, that gives someone an opportunity to go to work, have some security, have benefits, and take care of their family and have a good life.
The healthy man does not torture others - generally it is the tortured who turn into torturers.
If one could only teach the English how to talk, and the Irish how to listen, society here would be quite civilized.
It's all about culture. If you can get the right people with the right mindset, the right core values and the ability to change on a dime, then you have the ability to invest and do what's best for the health and long-term value proposition of the business.
My most heartfelt thank you goes to Impact Future Media and Cartoon Monkey Studio. Their dedication to the truth is very uncommon in the world we live in today. I am now, and will always be, grateful to their organizations.
You see people who have been very heavy in their life who have taken that body, trimmed it down, firmed it up through discipline, exercise and being able to say no. Eating properly, that all comes into it.
As I've always said: The future lies ahead.
The hate of men will pass, and dictators die, and the power they took from the people will return to the people. And so long as men die, liberty will never perish.
Once you just tell yourself, 'OK, I'm going to have a breakdown right now, and I'm going to cry for an hour, put my phone away. I'm going to go swimming, and then I'm gonna make my family dinner and lay on the couch and watch 'Ru Paul's Drag Race,' once you accept that it's not the day and you can just have a breakdown, you're over it.
I believe in blood, soil, and honour; family, homeland, and hamingja; strength, traditions, and courage.
I let the American people down.
I think sometimes my humor is extremely dry, and a lot of times I would say things that I thought were very funny but... I have a reputation of - people think of me as a very fundamentalist, humorless fellow.
I love Shakira - she is such a beautiful person. She does so many good things for the world on top of making good music. And she is an awesome mom. When you are Latina, it is all about family, and to see that she prioritizes family and her career at the same time is really nice.
I try to find humor in everything I do, because I think all great plays - even great tragedies - have enormous humor in them.
The law is an adroit mixture of customs that are beneficial to society, and could be followed even if no law existed, and others that are of advantage to a ruling minority, but harmful to the masses of men, and can be enforced on them only by terror.
A healthy democracy requires a decent society; it requires that we are honorable, generous, tolerant and respectful.
Valor grows by daring, fear by holding back.
I am the living death, a Memorial Day on wheels. I am your Yankee Doodle Dandy, your John Wayne come home, your Fourth of July firecracker exploding in the grave.
I like dark humor. My favorite movie of all time is 'Harold and Maude.'
Let us raise a standard to which the wise and honest can repair; the rest is in the hands of God.
Half the battle is that people have to like you before you say one joke, one bit of humor.
Did you know you can't say 'Jesus' in a sitcom? They told me that, and I was like, You gotta be kiddin' me. If you don't want my God here, you don't want me here either.
I am always saying, 'I don't believe in God; I believe in Al Pacino.' And that's true. If I ever get a phone call saying 'Would you like to work with Al Pacino?' I would go crazy.
At TGC, we are firm believers in the value of making games that respect our players.
Peking welcomed me with tremendous parades and gun salutes. The people with me are proud of me, proud that our downtrodden country has taken its place among the great nations. And now, people of America, I ask you, why didn't Eisenhower accord me the same respect?
The power of visibility can never be underestimated.
The power of imagination makes us infinite.
We farm workers are closest to food production. We were the first to recognize the serious health hazards of agriculture pesticides to both consumers and ourselves.
Whatever ought to be, can be.
Everything has seasons, and we have to be able to recognize when something's time has passed and be able to move into the next season. Everything that is alive requires pruning as well, which is a great metaphor for endings.
Absence and death are the same - only that in death there is no suffering.
I've always thought the word cow was funny. And cows are sort of tragic figures. Cows blur the line between tragedy and humor.
There is nothing more corrupting, nothing more destructive of the noblest and finest feelings of our nature, than the exercise of unlimited power.
Solitude shows us what should be; society shows us what we are.
History reminds us that dictators and despots arise during times of severe economic crisis.
You either have chemistry or you don't, but a lot of what attracts me is a guy's mind and humor and talent. I need to get to know all those things before I fall for someone.
Planned Parenthood's mission, on paper, is to give women quality and affordable health care and to protect women's rights. In reality, their mission is to increase their abortion numbers and, in turn, increase their revenue.
There are lots of variables that come into play in the industry, like attending parties and dating actors. When you don't indulge in all this, you tend to get affected in some way.
I'm a firm believer that no matter how small an object is, you can find interesting things out about it and its history.
I think the scariest person in the world is the person with no sense of humor.
I never did quite fit the glamour mode. It is life with my husband and family that is my high now.
The sea speaks a language polite people never repeat. It is a colossal scavenger slang and has no respect.
I'm always looking to the future and what will next be on the horizon.
The standard of 'affordable' housing is that which costs roughly 30 percent or less of a family's income. Because of rising housing costs and stagnant wages, slightly more than half of all poor renting families in the country spend more than 50 percent of their income on housing costs, and at least one in four spends more than 70 percent.
Power always thinks... that it is doing God's service when it is violating all his laws.
I think the most important thing... is leadership. It's something that has been lacking in young women and girls for a very long time, not because we don't want to but because of what society has labeled women to be. I think we are the most powerful beings in the world and that we should be given every opportunity.
The worker is the slave of capitalist society, the female worker is the slave of that slave.
Germany is our fatherland; Europe is our future.
If a strong government finds that it can, with impunity, destroy a weak people, then the hour has struck for that weak people to appeal to the League of Nations to give its judgment in all freedom. God and history will remember your judgment.
I've never tried to be accepted. When everyone is doing one thing, I've always had the instinct to go the other way. I don't understand how an individual with their own mind, their own values, and their own beliefs can be so willing to just follow what everybody else is doing. How can you make history doing what everybody else is doing?
The church is not a political power; it's not a party, but it's a moral power.
I always mention stacking the dishwasher - any opportunity. But it's the consequences - it's the food poisoning and the potential death that will come with not loading the dishwasher properly.
He has a profound respect for old age. Especially when it's bottled.
School is practice for the future, and practice makes perfect. But nobody's perfect, so why practice?
When I heard the royal family wanted to have me perform in celebration of Prince William's marriage, I knew I had to give them a little something. 'Wet' is the perfect anthem for Prince William or any playa to get the club smokin'.
We all need to make time for a burger once in a while.
When applied to politics and taken to its extreme, kitsch is the mask of death. Fascism was all aesthetics. There was no core principle to it. There was no truth to it.
Money can come and go, and fame comes and goes. Peace of mind and a relationship with God is far more important, so this is the precedent that we've set in our lives. The bottom line is, we all die, so Jesus is the answer.
If you look at the paintings that I love in art history, these are the paintings where great, powerful men are being celebrated on the big walls of museums throughout the world. What feels really strange is not to be able to see a reflection of myself in that world.
I'm really not interested in other people's opinions, because I think frankly most of those opinions are either misinformed and adding to this endless ball of hot air we have in our society where everyone thinks their opinion is valuable and sacred and what counts.
Time is my greatest enemy.
As my father went through a really, really long and dark period of his health declining and falling deeper into the abyss, I knew I was never going to let my family and my children experience this without any long-term care.
I've always been a fan of a Johnny Carson because he was so great with an audience and not afraid of self-deprecating humor.
Hunger and malnutrition have devastating consequences for children and have been linked to low birth weight and birth defects, obesity, mental and physical health problems, and poorer educational outcomes.
I'll sleep when I'm dead.
Substandard housing was a blow to your psychological health, not only because things like dampness, mold, and overcrowding could bring about depression but also because of what living in awful conditions told you about yourself.
We know the road to freedom has always been stalked by death.
To love another person is to see the face of God.
We need to develop and disseminate an entirely new paradigm and practice of collaboration that supersedes the traditional silos that have divided governments, philanthropies and private enterprises for decades and replace it with networks of partnerships working together to create a globally prosperous society.
God gives every bird his worm, but He does not throw it into the nest.
I've lost count of the number of times that I've been approached by strangers wanting to tell me that they think I'm brave or inspirational, and this was long before my work had any kind of public profile.
My family is my life, and everything else comes second as far as what's important to me.
The question is, does the punishment fit the crime? So we're not saying that we shouldn't punish people. We're not talking about a society that tolerates lawlessness. We should be very tough on people who are perpetuating violent crimes, for example. But we should make sure that it's tailored and not arbitrary.
I tend to think you're fearless when you recognize why you should be scared of things, but do them anyway.
Education is an admirable thing, but it is well to remember from time to time that nothing that is worth knowing can be taught.
Universal vaccination may well be the greatest success story in medical history.
Power doesn't corrupt people, people corrupt power.
It's okay to not be working all the time and to be gentle on yourself when you're not. When it feels like you're losing that inspiration - or you're in a rut, not making stuff, and your head gets all weird - be gentle on yourself. Just ease into things naturally. But you still have to ease into it: you still have to sit in the chair.
I think audiences can relate to the guys I'm playing, those large-and-in-charge idiots. Or maybe I just make them feel better about who they are, or who they're dating.
In Japan, after having lost World War II, the hierarchy that used to exist in the society, from the rich to the poor, has been flattened, especially by the winners, by Americans. As a Japanese artist debuting in America, I really had to bring that kind of theme into the work.
The love of family and the admiration of friends is much more important than wealth and privilege.
Cutting meat out of your diet is the best thing you can do for animals and your own health.
Good is positive. Evil is merely privative, not absolute: it is like cold, which is the privation of heat. All evil is so much death or nonentity. Benevolence is absolute and real. So much benevolence as a man hath, so much life hath he.
Without libraries what have we? We have no past and no future.
The danger of the past was that men became slaves. The danger of the future is that men may become robots.
The first time I met Leo Messi, I didn't know who he was, only that I couldn't believe the boots he was wearing. But he is like a brother to me. It was at the start of 2005, when I was with the Argentine under-17 squad and I saw him chatting with Ezequiel Garay and some other players about the boots he'd brought back from the U.S.A.
Don't wait. The time will never be just right.
Both young children and old people have a lot of time on their hands. That's probably why they get along so well.
As women and men, we're not primed and taught to feel that women are as inspirational as men.
There's nothing that's more unfair or unjust than people using their power to try to make other people feel small, to tell them who they are or what they are capable of, to say their identity doesn't belong.
I always wanted so much glamour in my life, so I have always been obsessed with class, and from dating a few people who were from old money and a few from new money in my 20s, I just sort of became obsessed with this idea of clueless rich people.
I was a late starter on the romantic front. I didn't start dating until I was in my 30s.
The deliberate and deadly attacks which were carried out yesterday against our country were more than acts of terror. They were acts of war.
A film has to be for commercial success as well as earn you respect as an artist. You don't want to do only things that are designed to run commercially, and neither do you want to do things that get acclaim but don't run.
Rocks and waters, etc., are words of God, and so are men. We all flow from one fountain Soul. All are expressions of one Love.
My grandmother. She's someone I never met, and I would've loved to have met her. She's been a huge influence on our entire family, not just me. She is a mystery. It's not clear exactly what about her is truth and myth.
The things that we love tell us what we are.
Just imagine how different the world could be if we all spoke to everyone with respect and kindness.
Our society is run by insane people for insane objectives. I think we're being run by maniacs for maniacal ends and I think I'm liable to be put away as insane for expressing that. That's what's insane about it.
Deep Purple is a damn good band and we've made a niche in rock 'n' roll history. Maybe not a huge one but enough to be very proud of.
The power of pop culture stories should not be underestimated, and there is an enormous potential for inspirational stories that can have a positive, transformative effect on our lives.
If we were all determined to play the first violin we should never have an ensemble. therefore, respect every musician in his proper place.
The way my father worked altruistically and the manner in which he used to go behind bars and come back home smilingly was inspirational.
I took my wife to a really expensive hotel in Dubai. This was when we were first dating, so I wanted to impress her. I had scallops, and after that, I went to the bathroom to be sick. I realised I had just paid 300 or 400 on scallops just to throw it up. My wife and I then talked about it; I knew I had a problem.
You don't look out there for God, something in the sky, you look in you.
Concentrated power has always been the enemy of liberty.
If God had wanted me otherwise, He would have created me otherwise.
I worked at The Old Globe Theater under the great baton of Craig Noel. One of the great theater heroes that we have. He was so great and so inspirational. I think I did 'Antony and Cleopatra' and 'The Taming of the Shrew'. I lived in Ocean Beach, and my rent was $140 a month.
My family was very loving but also very superstitious. My mother was always telling us, 'Don't walk under a ladder or you'll have bad luck,' or, 'If you spill salt, be sure and toss a pinch over your shoulder, or you're in trouble.'
Knowledge is power. Information is liberating. Education is the premise of progress, in every society, in every family.
I have a fine sense of the ridiculous, but no sense of humor.
All the forces in the world are not so powerful as an idea whose time has come.
God has blessed me with an amazing family, friends and work colleagues that have been my joy, my support, and my sanity. I don't know what I'd do without them.
We can do things the cheap way, the simple way, for the short-term and without regard for the future. Or, we can make the extra effort, do the hard work, absorb the criticism and make decisions that will cause a better future.
For David Parker and Daniel Parker, with the respect and admiration of their father, who grew up with them.
A man has to learn that he cannot command things, but that he can command himself; that he cannot coerce the wills of others, but that he can mold and master his own will: and things serve him who serves Truth; people seek guidance of him who is master of himself.
Perhaps naively I thought people understand what humor was, that it was invented by the human race to cope with the dark areas of life, problems and terrors.
You cannot build character and courage by taking away a man's initiative and independence.
Positive rights are the right to shelter, the right to education, the right to health care, the right to a living wage. These things are - these are, I would call them, more properly, political rights rather than positive rights. And they are extremely tricky, because now we are dealing with things that are zero sum.
Running is a basic ingredient for your health, just as much as eating and sleeping, but going out for a run by yourself and taking a moment to think also creates a certain peace.
The only rock I know that stays steady, the only institution I know that works, is the family.
People tell you the world looks a certain way. Parents tell you how to think. Schools tell you how to think. TV. Religion. And then at a certain point, if you're lucky, you realize you can make up your own mind. Nobody sets the rules but you. You can design your own life.
Your big opportunity may be right where you are now.
There are no secrets that time does not reveal.
I just thank God my husband and I found each other before the advent of social media. I can't imagine dating someone and seeing what they're doing on their Facebook page. And people breaking up with each other over texts now? We had to break up with each other face to face back then.
You never know what's going to happen in the future.
Serenity is the balance between good and bad, life and death, horrors and pleasures. Life is, as it were, defined by death. If there wasn't death of things, then there wouldn't be any life to celebrate.
People don't follow titles, they follow courage.
I have wit in my work and a sense of humor, but I do not use irony in any way.
I have looked into your eyes with my eyes. I have put my heart near your heart.
Spring being a tough act to follow, God created June.
Rude contact with facts chased my visions and dreams quickly away, and in their stead I beheld the horrors, the corruption, the evils and hypocrisy of society, and as I stood among them, a young wife, a great wail of agony went out from my soul.
Faith consists in believing when it is beyond the power of reason to believe.
Being tall has a major impact in general. It takes some courage to be as big as you are - to live up to it and not be intimidated by the graceful tiny people.
Jerusalem is not just a beautiful city: the challenge is to show that Jerusalem can be shared in peace and respect.
I am never without my lyric book. If anything inspirational happens, I have it there so nothing's forgotten.
My mother's love has always been a sustaining force for our family, and one of my greatest joys is seeing her integrity, her compassion, her intelligence reflected in my daughters.
I've always chosen my band members based on their sense of humor. It might sound stupid, but it means not only are they fun to live with on a tour bus for years, but humor implies intelligence.
People are texting and smash into the car in front of them - I think there is some humor in that. And the virtual games. People are playing these virtual games, but they're real - I mean, the people are really playing, but it's not a game.
Clothes make the man. Naked people have little or no influence on society.
I had to deal with being somewhat of an outcast because it's not socially acceptable to be a struggling musician. There have been times where I've felt sorry for the person I was dating. I felt she deserved better.
God gives talent. Work transforms talent into genius.
The death of a language. The word has the same kind of reluctant resonance as it has when we talk about the death of a person. And indeed, that's how it should be. For that's how it is. A language dies only when the last person who speaks it dies.
No way will I put my family and my life on the TV or be involved with something like a dating show or any type of reality show.
He who has great power should use it lightly.
I think we all do have a guardian angel. I believe they work through us all the time, when we are thoughtful and good and kind to each other.
With the royal family, you don't want to see them as people because it takes the sheen off. They're distant; you can idealize them. But there's room to have compassion for people and see them as human beings. Just because they're royalty, it doesn't mean they don't love or feel loss or feel pain.
There is nothing stronger in the world than gentleness.
Two decades of experience as an entrepreneur and CEO has informed my view that our priorities must stress improving educational outcomes, rebuilding America's infrastructure, lowering health care costs, addressing climate change, reforming immigration, and ushering in an advanced energy economy.
Wine is constant proof that God loves us and loves to see us happy.
Jesus is the only way because the Bible says it to be true. Why? Because only He can bridge the gap between God and man; there's no other way.
The FBI Academy teaches new agents that the best predictor of future behavior is past behavior.
I know of no way of judging the future but by the past.
No matter what has happened, you too have the power to enjoy yourself.
When we seek to discover the best in others, we somehow bring out the best in ourselves.
Any change in form produces a fear of change, and that has accelerated. Marketing is the death of invention, because marketing deals with the familiar.
Before I begin talking about the threats we face, the vulnerabilities that we have, and frankly the courage of the men and women in uniform that stand in harm's way on behalf of a very grateful Nation, let me first honor the sacrifices of September 11.
Holiness of life is not the privilege of a chosen few - it is the obligation, the call, and the will of God for every Christian.
I have argued for years that we do not have a health care system in America. We have a disease-management system - one that depends on ruinously expensive drugs and surgeries that treat health conditions after they manifest rather than giving our citizens simple diet, lifestyle and therapeutic tools to keep them healthy.
I realized that health is the most important thing and that all the other things come with time if you are devoted enough.
I feel like sometimes that I was not meant for this society.
Dystopian novels help people process their fears about what the future might look like; further, they usually show that there is always hope, even in the bleakest future.
I just felt like women love musicians, so I thought that we should become musicians. It'll help my dating life.
Time is what we want most, but what we use worst.
The specter of climate change threatens worsening natural disasters, rapid urbanization, forced migration, and economic hardship for the most vulnerable. Despite significant global advances, inability to effectively address epidemics and health emergencies still prevail and continuously threaten global health security and economic development.
My humor is channeling everything through my brain. For example, when I talk about something, it's how Richard Lewis feels about it. I'm a storyteller. I do a lot of free association.
When the will defies fear, when duty throws the gauntlet down to fate, when honor scorns to compromise with death - that is heroism.
Growing up, I didn't get the talk of 'Make sure boys take you on a date and treat you right.' So I was the girl who wasn't dating and would just text. I dated these guys who didn't have jobs, and I would always be paying. At one point, I remember looking in the mirror and thinking, 'You're too pretty and cool to be treated like this.'
It's hard to predict the future, but some people think that Bitcoin could do to finance what the Internet did to communications.
I value humor, kindness, and the ability to tell a good story far more than money, status, or the kind of car someone drives.
The five different areas in which boys are in crisis - education; jobs; emotional health; physical health; and fatherlessness - are handled by different portions of the government.
Wireless is the largest information, communication, and technology platform in history, and mobile broadband is transforming how we can deliver educational materials and experiences to all students. The technology now exists to support learning on a massive scale and advance the 21st century skills needed to compete in the global economy.
The biggest public health challenge is rebuilding health systems. In other words, if you look at cholera or maternal mortality or tuberculosis in Haiti, they're major problems in Haiti, but the biggest problem is rebuilding systems.
But after this natural burst of indignation, no man of sense, courage, or prudence will waste his time or his strength in retrospective reproaches or repinings.
Only choices made in love are compassionate. There are no exceptions. Do you have the courage to act with an empowered heart without attachment to the outcome? If not, you have no ability to give or experience compassion. That is the shocking truth.
Elon Musk is worried about AI apocalypse, but I am worried about people losing their jobs. The society will have to adapt to a situation where people learn throughout their lives depending on the skills needed in the marketplace.
The audiences are there as a result of my history with the band but also as a result of my being able to reach people with a tune.
At the risk of appearing disingenuous, I don't really think of myself as 'writing humor.' I'm simply reporting on the world I observe, which is frequently hilarious.
I think that everything is possible as long as you put your mind to it and you put the work and time into it. I think your mind really controls everything.
To be a revolutionary you have to be a human being. You have to care about people who have no power.
One can survive everything, nowadays, except death, and live down everything except a good reputation.
It's always wonderful to get to know women, with the mystery and the joy and the depth. If you can make a woman laugh, you're seeing the most beautiful thing on God's Earth.
If we cannot come together to pause, to respect our dead and the heroic lives of meaning they led, then ours is truly a civilization lost.
Courage is rightly esteemed the first of human qualities - because it is the quality which guarantees all others.
Our thoughts are mainly controlled by our subconscious, which is largely formed before the age of 6, and you cannot change the subconscious mind by just thinking about it. That's why the power of positive thinking will not work for most people. The subconscious mind is like a tape player. Until you change the tape, it will not change.
In Spain, they show many Premier League games on TV, and it is an inspirational league. Maybe I would like to play in the Premier League.
I think great humor lies in playing the truth of a situation.
Never make predictions, especially about the future.
History proves that all dictatorships, all authoritarian forms of government are transient. Only democratic systems are not transient. Whatever the shortcomings, mankind has not devised anything superior.
In literature as in love, we are astonished at what is chosen by others.
Respect for self is the beginning of cultivating virtue in men and women.
I had to make my history quick because there would be no future, merely a gossamer world blown about on the zeitgeist, till zeitgeist, the wind of the times, is blasted away by kamikaze, the wind of God.
Be careful about reading health books. You may die of a misprint.
Society has a fascination with death.
The distinction between the past, present and future is only a stubbornly persistent illusion.
I think the saddest thing in the world will be for people who face their death and realize they never lived. That won't be me.
The most wasted of all days is one without laughter.
What makes America amazing is that there have always been men and women of courage who were willing to think more about the future of their children and grandchildren than they did about their own political careers.
The power of social media is it forces necessary change.
My family is all musicians - my dad plays drums, my mom plays flute, my older brother plays drums, my little brother plays drums and piano. For some reason, I didn't get the memo, so I just play bass.
It's time for political leaders across the ideological spectrum to realize that, while partisanship is understandable, hyper-partisanship is destructive to our country. We need more visionary leaders who will earnestly strive for bipartisanship and finding policy solutions that can move America forward.
Florida wants to get married. We want to stop this every-two-year or every-four-year dating process where, in between those election cycles, investments in our state diminish.
The launch of the National Health Service in 1948, one of the world's foremost examples of something being decommodified in the interest of the social good, was met with nothing less than horror by those with vested interests in the private provision of medicine.
These haters are too less in number when compared to the millions who support me. I look at all those beautiful people who always stand by me. I respect them, and they equally respect me.
The '60s was one of the first times the power of music was used by a generation to bind them together.
I come from a middle class family, and my parents weren't too supportive of my career choices.
Peace comes when you talk to the guy you most hate. And that's where the courage of a leader comes, because when you sit down with your enemy, you as a leader must already have very considerable confidence from your own constituency.
Waste your money and you're only out of money, but waste your time and you've lost a part of your life.
The basis for all human relationships and where we derive our greatest strength and power, trust is single-handedly the most powerful source of positive energy and, once in place, unlocks a freedom and peace to explore.
We steal if we touch tomorrow. It is God's.
An end of something means the beginning of something else, and I don't think that something else is going to be the death of the manned space program.
Dating is all about the chase. It's fun!
If you don't give power to the words that people throw at you to hurt you, they don't hurt you anymore. And you actually have power over those people.
The single most important factor in our long-term happiness is the relationships we have with our family and close friends.
History is hereditary only in this way: we, all of us, inherit everything, and then we choose what to cherish, what to disavow, and what to do next, which is why it's worth trying to know where things come from.
I highly suggest marriage to all my friends who are dating.
Stuff about me dating Kim Kardashian - I have no idea where that came from and all these other rumors. I don't think I'm that type.
To preserve the human race, it is now necessary to reorganize society. To this end, an Authority must be created with the power to control human population, to redistribute food, to purify air, water, soil, to re-pattern the cities.
I don't think about the future. I don't think about the past. I just think of what comes into my head at the time. So that might be about the past, that might be about the future. Or, the present.
Leonard Cohen has a way with words and with humor that remind me to lighten up, which I appreciate very much.
I would never be a buffoon or an imbecile or a coon. I'm a strong brother that understands what I mean to this society, where I fit in this society, and how I can change this society.
I will say that as I get older and calmer and quieter in my own self, the one quality in a woman that I find more and more attractive is kindness. A sense of adventure and humor is important too, but I truly find kindness and consideration for others to be the most attractive thing in anyone.
Sometimes I wish that I could go into a time machine right now and just look at my self and say, 'Calm down. Things are gonna be fine. Things are gonna be all great. Just relax.'
We learned about gratitude and humility - that so many people had a hand in our success, from the teachers who inspired us to the janitors who kept our school clean... and we were taught to value everyone's contribution and treat everyone with respect.
Watching my family work so hard has been so inspirational, and I think I really got their work ethic.
Think about what people are doing on Facebook today. They're keeping up with their friends and family, but they're also building an image and identity for themselves, which in a sense is their brand. They're connecting with the audience that they want to connect to. It's almost a disadvantage if you're not on it now.
Values are principles and ideas that bring meaning to the seemingly mundane experience of life. A meaningful life that ultimately brings happiness and pride requires you to respond to temptations as well as challenges with honor, dignity, and courage.
Diversity in the world is a basic characteristic of human society, and also the key condition for a lively and dynamic world as we see today.
The people at my label are always endorsing what I say. They say, 'You see the truth, so speak it.' They believe in me. They respect my opinion. At least I have an opinion, and I'm not trying to play it safe. I don't go around saying, 'I think everyone is great, and the world is fantastic.' Everyone has opinions. They just don't say it.
My wife has a good sense of humor, and instead of calling me psychic with my novels, she simply refers to me as being 'psycho.' That's because multiple things in my books have come true.
Children begin by loving their parents; after a time they judge them; rarely, if ever, do they forgive them.
Countries with higher levels of gender equality have higher economic growth. Companies with more women on their boards have higher returns. Peace agreements that include women are more successful. Parliaments with more women take up a wider range of issues - including health, education, anti-discrimination, and child support.
Obviously, I rep Jamaica. I'm a first generation born Jamaican-American. My parents are born and raised in Jamaica, my grandparents are born and raised in Jamaica, my other family still lives in Jamaica, and I still go back there.
I know My God commands, whose power no power resists.
Love God; love others; do your best in all you do, even if you fall short!
Much like dystopian and post-apocalyptic books are a way to explore the worst-case scenarios lurking around the corner, fantasy can serve as a wonderful tool for showing kids that they have an inherent power in them to create change, both in themselves and in their community.
Death and love are the two wings that bear the good man to heaven.
Dating now is a lot like going shopping when you don't have any money. Even if you find the right thing, you can't do anything about it.
But then I'm one of those guys that is still a bit afraid of the telephone, its implications for conversation. I still wonder if the jukebox might be the death of live music.
A brainy person does not abuse copyright; instead they respect it and uphold it.
True silence is the rest of the mind, and is to the spirit what sleep is to the body, nourishment and refreshment.
My dad has sayings for days. 'You bloom where you're planted' ties into farming, but it also sums up the ideals and morals that we have as a family by staying in Firebaugh.
I've always treated women with dignity and respect.
The expression of beauty is in direct ratio to the power of conception the artist has acquired.
Children are not casual guests in our home. They have been loaned to us temporarily for the purpose of loving them and instilling a foundation of values on which their future lives will be built.
Science and technology are a propellant for building a thriving country, and the happiness of the people and the future of the country hinge on their development.
You have to be respectful. Don't ask for respect if you are not respectful. It's not depending on your sexuality, your gender or the colour of your skin. It should be in the focus to live a respectful life.
I loved 'Ghana Must Go' by Taiye Selasi. It's about a first-generation African family living in America that has to return home to Nigeria when their estranged father passes away.
As a black woman of trans experience, my position in this society leaves me really no choice but to stand for the intersectional identities I hold.
A useless life is an early death.
To be immortal is commonplace; except for man, all creatures are immortal, for they are ignorant of death; what is divine, terrible, incomprehensible, is to know that one is immortal.
If thou desire the love of God and man, be humble, for the proud heart, as it loves none but itself, is beloved of none but itself. Humility enforces where neither virtue, nor strength, nor reason can prevail.
The glory of justice and the majesty of law are created not just by the Constitution - nor by the courts - nor by the officers of the law - nor by the lawyers - but by the men and women who constitute our society - who are the protectors of the law as they are themselves protected by the law.
If I can, in any way, give people the courage to say, 'Actually, no, the nonsense stops right here,' then I want to be a part of doing that. Especially if that means that our folks will be more free.
You bring people together with food. You connect them and tie the fabric of society together through food.
Continue to speak out against all forms of injustice to yourselves and others, and you will set a mighty example for your children and for future generations.
I am proud to be a Sikh and am a true disciple of Guru Gobind Singh, who sacrificed his entire family for the Sikh religion.
God gave women intuition and femininity. Used properly, the combination easily jumbles the brain of any man I've ever met.
As you get older, you grow and mature, and that should never stop. As soon as you stop growing, you're done living. I'll always be growing, forever learning, forever taking in advice from people I deeply respect.
Every single young person is reachable. Ask them what dating is like in their country. Ask them if they have a girlfriend. Ask them what their type is. There's nobody who's too conservative to talk about that.
I think success is a relative term. If you're a caveman, success is capturing an elephant. Success is achieving better than the norm. Success is being exceptional. It's exceptional reputation, exceptional income, and exceptional respect.
Look, all this is about is utilizing the rules of the Senate, using a majority of the senators, to make sure that we get health reform done. We cannot wait another day.
The only service a friend can really render is to keep up your courage by holding up to you a mirror in which you can see a noble image of yourself.
Women, we might as well be dogs baying the moon as petitioners without the right to vote!
God wants us to prosper financially, to have plenty of money, to fulfill the destiny He has laid out for us.
The magic of America is that we're a free and open society with a mixed population. Part of our security is our freedom.
I think once you enter the dating world and you realise it's nothing like those Disney movies you watched when you were a little girl, you just become more guarded.
One of my favorite movies of all time is 'It's A Wonderful Life,' which is a pretty interesting choice for a seasonal Christmas favorite, because it's about a guy who wants to commit suicide and is presented with reasons not to.
Just as men must give up economic control when their wives share the responsibility for the family's financial well-being, women must give up exclusive parental control when their husbands assume more responsibility for child care.
The highest-income Americans don't need tax-free health insurance, mortgage interest deductions or deferred taxation on retirement funds.
Being deeply contented with God in my everyday life is a focused attitude. It is always available. It means practicing letting go of my obsession with how I'm doing. It means training myself to learn to actually be present with people, and seeking to love them.
I feel like the more real we are, the more people will respect that.
Gold is a great thing to sew into your garments if you're a Jewish family in Vienna in 1939, but I think civilized people don't buy gold, they invest in productive businesses.
We cannot defend freedom abroad by deserting it at home.
Health and wellness does mean different things to different people.
Most of us spend too much time on the last twenty-four hours and too little on the last six thousand years.
The people in charge, globally, are maniacs. They are maniacs, and unless we do something about it these people are going to deprive us of a future.
The dread of criticism is the death of genius.
America cannot continue to lead the family of nations around the world if we suffer the collapse of the family here at home.
I never underestimate the power of hot rollers for your hair and eyelash curlers for your eyelashes.
I guess I would say true happiness is to love and be loved. Of course, having enough money for food, shelter, health care and things like that all help, but that is more about security.
Once something is memorable, it's living and you're using it. That to me is the foundation of a creative society.
You can't go forward and backwards at the same time.
The central conservative truth is that it is culture, not politics, that determines the success of a society. The central liberal truth is that politics can change a culture and save it from itself.
Development of outlook naturally begins with a respect for God... Reverence to God and reverence for one's neighbor and reverence for oneself as a servant of God.
Today's consumers are eager to become loyal fans of companies that respect purposeful capitalism. They are not opposed to companies making a profit; indeed, they may even be investors in these companies - but at the core, they want more empathic, enlightened corporations that seek a balance between profit and purpose.
I believe that working with good people matters because then the work environment is good. If there is a sense of respect and belief among the people you work with, that is when good work is done.
Society may no longer define marriage in the only way marriage has ever been defined in the annals of recorded history. Many societies allowed polygamy, many allowed child marriages, some allowed marriage within families; but none, in thousands of years, defined marriage as the union of people of the same sex.
You may delay, but time will not.
I'm trying to stay as calm as possible and focus one day at a time, but when reality sets in, I feel everything: anxiety, excitement, nerves, pressure and joy.
You all know that I have been sustained throughout my life by three saving graces - my family, my friends, and a faith in the power of resilience and hope. These graces have carried me through difficult times and they have brought more joy to the good times than I ever could have imagined.
Let us make our future now, and let us make our dreams tomorrow's reality.
A great restaurant is one that just makes you feel like you're not sure whether you went out or you came home and confuses you. If it can do both of those things at the same time, you're hooked.
I would rather die a meaningful death than to live a meaningless life.
Life and death are illusions. We are in a constant state of transformation.
I have no illusions of the future. Or maybe it's all illusion. I don't know. I've always been ready for it.
I just want the future to happen faster. I can't imagine the future without robots.
Revolution is about the need to re-evolve political, economic and social justice and power back into the hands of the people, preferably through legislation and policies that make human sense. That's what revolution is about. Revolution is not about shootouts.
I'm an athlete. I'm not a big golf nerd in that aspect. I'm not big on the history.
Do not waste time dreaming of great faraway opportunities; do the best you can where you are. Open your petals of power and beauty and fling out the fragrance of your life in the place that has been assigned to you.
I knew a ton of actors and was friends with them, but I never dated actresses. I tried to date 'normal' people because the Hollywood dating rule is 'one star per couple' because it's quite a challenge to match the egos of two actors.
Half a century ago, the amazing courage of Rosa Parks, the visionary leadership of Martin Luther King, and the inspirational actions of the civil rights movement led politicians to write equality into the law and make real the promise of America for all her citizens.
Humor, humility, and, of course, honesty, all are qualities that work in public and cultural diplomacy.
Let me start with Yahoo. As we meet today, a Chinese citizen who had the courage to speak his mind on the Internet is in prison because Yahoo chose to share his name and address with the Chinese Government.
I have died in so many spectacular ways, and I remember shooting them all, too. I imagine all those deaths will flash in front of me when I'm on my death bed, faced with the real thing.
September 11th was a moment when America had the sympathy of the world.
Apply yourself. Get all the education you can, but then, by God, do something. Don't just stand there, make it happen.
Whatever happens to bitcoin, other cryptocurrencies are gaining ground and more respect. Ethereum, for instance, has far more transparency.
It is not death that a man should fear, but he should fear never beginning to live.
The greedy man is he who habitually eats too much, knowing that he is injuring his bodily health thereby, and this is a vice to which not the gourmet but the gourmand is a slave.
My father had a great sense of humor. He wasn't only the Man in Black. He said it himself in the song 'Man in Black:' 'Ah, I'd love to wear a rainbow every day.' He was a man of hope.
My father gave me some advice when I was very young - whatever someone tells you in the future, don't forget Pele is the best.
As men are not able to fight against death, misery, ignorance, they have taken it into their heads, in order to be happy, not to think of them at all.
Farrah Fawcett had courage, she had strength, and she had faith.
People are pretty forgiving when it comes to other people's families. The only family that ever horrifies you is your own.
God gave us free will, and we may choose to exercise it in ways that end up hurting other people.
I'm happy that I have my family, and I'm happy that I had Virginia, where I grew up, to retreat to any time I felt overwhelmed. Whenever there were times when I felt like the rug was being pulled out from under me and I was floating in this crazy space, I would stop and go back to that neighborhood and realize nothing's changed, really.
Intellectuals try to keep going. But their situation is very difficult. Those who have had the courage to voice their opposition have often paid a very high price.
We look at life from the back side of the tapestry. And most of the time, what we see is loose threads, tangled knots and the like. But occasionally, God's light shines through the tapestry, and we get a glimpse of the larger design with God weaving together the darks and lights of existence.
Just about every young model and actress is dating somebody in the entertainment field, because these are the people you meet. You're not going to very easily meet a normal person in this line of work.
Being a pastor's kid comes with a lot of pressure and scrutiny. A lot of my dad's sermons were about respect. It was a beautiful way to be taught about love and two people being equal.
I'm not really sure what social message my art carries, if any. And I don't really want it to carry one. I'm not interested in the subject matter to try to teach society anything, or to try to better our world in any way.
Because I first made my name as a rapper claiming South Central L.A., people often assume I'm strictly a West Coast cat. But my family was actually from back East. I was born in Newark, New Jersey, and grew up in Summit, an upscale town in north Jersey.
The arrow of time doesn't move forward forever. There's a phase in the history of the universe where you go from low entropy to high entropy. But then, once you reach the locally maximum entropy you can get to, there's no more arrow of time.
God is in the details.
Look within. Within is the fountain of good, and it will ever bubble up, if thou wilt ever dig.
To Mahatma Gandhi, the key to India's progress was the development of its villages. In his unified vision, education, agriculture, village industry, social reform all came together to provide the basis for a vibrant rural society free from exploitation and linked to the urban centres as equals. Our planning incorporates this basic insight.
Our brand of democracy is hard. But I can promise that a year from now, when I no longer hold this office, I'll be right there with you as a citizen - inspired by those voices of fairness and vision, of grit and good humor and kindness that have helped America travel so far.
First of all, there's the celebrity thing. Like, who are you here for, are you dating me or are you trying to date my dad? These men either just want to be there for one thing and don't want to stay for the real relationship part or they just want to ride the wave and be bougie and bomb and have their picture taken and do all of that.
A wise woman knows how to summon her courage and do what is right, rather than what is easy.
We will grieve not, rather find strength in what remains behind. In the faith that looks through death, in years that bring the philosophic mind.
France is delighted at this new opportunity to show the world that when one has the will one can succeed in joining peoples who have been brought close by history.
Our goal is to make Maine the healthiest state in the nation and reduce our overall health care costs.
Children should be able to live a life free from bullying and harassment and it is time that we all took a stand against this.
Having a superpower has nothing to do with the ability to fly or jump, or superhuman strength. The truest superpowers are the ones we all possess: willpower, integrity, and most importantly, courage.
A new idea is delicate. It can be killed by a sneer or a yawn; it can be stabbed to death by a quip and worried to death by a frown on the right man's brow.
It's so important that we all speak up on mental health.
Barack Obama hopes his famous health care victory will mark him as a transformative president. History, however, may judge it to have been his missed opportunity to be one.
Honestly, I think dating is hard. Period.
In every interview, when they would ask me who should be a judge, I would always say Harry Connick, Jr., so I think I had something to do with him becoming a judge! He has a blunt, dry sense of humor. You never know if he's joking or not, and I think that's going to catch a lot of people by surprise.
Why did the earthquake and tsunami occur in Japan? Was it the act of an angry God? No, it was the result of the movement and collision of the earth's tectonic plates - a process driven by the earth's need to regulate its own internal temperature. Without the process that creates earthquake, our planet could not sustain life.
I respect only those who resist me, but I cannot tolerate them.
I'm a big believer in creating family traditions. Every Tuesday morning, I make a proper eggs breakfast, and we all sit down and eat.
I can't imagine a society with absolutely no solidarity. For me, it's a nightmare. And I don't want to live in a place like that.
A well-developed sense of humor is the pole that adds balance to your steps as you walk the tightrope of life.
I had an amazing experience working with great people. I had a great family, a typical family with drama in certain areas, and that's pretty much everywhere in everyone's life.
With song titles, I try to keep a healthy sense of humor while saying something at the same time.
Death's an old joke, but each individual encounters it anew.
I still belong to a middle class family; middle class is a mindset than your financial status.
We should expand health savings accounts so people can save in a tax-advantaged way for more routine healthcare needs.
Never let the future disturb you. You will meet it, if you have to, with the same weapons of reason which today arm you against the present.
I'm actually a perpetual 13-year-old. I've never advanced beyond 13. Every day, tomorrow is my 14th birthday. That's my kind of humor.
However many blessings we expect from God, His infinite liberality will always exceed all our wishes and our thoughts.
It is by no means an irrational fancy that, in a future existence, we shall look upon what we think our present existence, as a dream.
So once I thought of the villain with a sense of humor, I began to think of a name and the name "the Joker" immediately came to mind. There was the association with the Joker in the deck of cards, and I probably yelled literally, 'Eureka!' because I knew I had the name and the image at the same time.
I think it's really cool, but Jimmy Eat World and Gin Blossoms did it better than anyone. People don't realize just how awesome the Arizona history is, especially for alternative music. Growing up, that's all I ever wanted to be was those two bands.
Buildings designed with careful attention to aesthetics arouse and enlighten their occupants and that promotes their good health.
God's grace is amazing! We're saved by grace - God's undeserved favor - and we live by grace, which is also God's power in our lives to do what we could never do in our own strength. And it's all because God is love, and He loves us unconditionally, constantly and completely.
Public health officials, researchers and states rely on CDC data to track the coronavirus and make quite literally life and death decisions.
I went into jail with absolutely no respect whatsoever for authority, and I came out with even less.
Europe has united, China is growing speedily and Russia possesses immense power in terms of fuel resources. The US administration cannot do anything about it.
Nature and nature's laws lay hid in the night. God said, Let Newton be! and all was light!
I am thankful the most important key in history was invented. It's not the key to your house, your car, your boat, your safety deposit box, your bike lock or your private community. It's the key to order, sanity, and peace of mind. The key is 'Delete.'
I am a socialist; of course I am a socialist. To hold a vision that society can be fundamentally different, to believe that all people can be equal - that is not a new idea.
We must rekindle the fire of idealism in our society.
If we do the build-up so well, it's because our players always offer me different options to pass the ball, so that makes it easier. With calm and with quality on the pass, it always works out. Of course, you need to have the courage and be very cool to play that way, because any mistake can end up in a goal conceded.
If the world seems cold to you, kindle fires to warm it.
Have the courage to say no. Have the courage to face the truth. Do the right thing because it is right. These are the magic keys to living your life with integrity.
Everything that ever happened is still happening. Past, present and future keep happening in the eternity which is Here and Now.
I went to medical school because I wanted to ask the big questions. Do we have a soul? Does God exist? What happens after death?
Living in the moment, thinking about the future, and staying connected to the past: That's what makes me feel whole.
I grew up in a pretty religious house. My family was Roman Catholic, and I couldn't wait to get away from that. But that doesn't mean I'm not a spiritual person.
When we started out in the U.K., there were songs that we made, we put them on the Internet, and we immediately started touring the U.K. We borrowed our friend's mum's car, and drove ourselves around for, like, a year playing gigs in pubs and tiny little venues. In that respect, we're pretty grass roots as a band. We've done all that together.
I grew up in a Jewish family, and we have raised our children in a Jewish tradition. Religion gives a framework for moral enquiry in young minds and points us to questions beyond the material.
Health food may be good for the conscience but Oreos taste a hell of a lot better.
I've had a little bad, bad media luck the new year. Well, apparently I'm dating Bill Clinton, which makes me nervous. I didn't know, though.
Television is a sort of mirror of society, but for me, I never saw my reflection in it. Which makes it quite difficult afterwards to open up all the imaginative possibilities.
What would life be if we had no courage to attempt anything?
At the bottom of not a little of the bravery that appears in the world, there lurks a miserable cowardice. Men will face powder and steel because they have not the courage to face public opinion.
Each instant of life is a step toward death.
In 'Tree of Life,' the cinematography records a small story, a celebration of the courage of everyday life. But it does it so up close and so effortlessly that it has the effect of elevating the intimacy of the story to a grand scale.
Like religion, politics, and family planning, cereal is not a topic to be brought up in public. It's too controversial.
I believe that children are our future. Teach them well and let them lead the way. Show them all the beauty they possess inside.
I find any sort of acting that doesn't have any humor in it is mind-numbingly boring.
I'm most proud of the blessings that God has bestowed upon me, in my life. He's given me the vision to truly see that you can fall down, but you can still get back up. Hopefully I'll learn from my mistakes and have the opportunity to strengthen and improve the next thing I do.
The oppressed peoples can liberate themselves only through struggle. This is a simple and clear truth confirmed by history.
Of the thousands of ways that humans differ from one another, turns out there's this one cluster of traits called conscientiousness that predict a whole host of positive life outcomes, such as longevity over our health, life satisfaction.
In family relationships, 'love' is really spelled 't-i-m-e,' time. Taking time for each other is the key for harmony at home.
Intersectionality draws attention to invisibilities that exist in feminism, in anti-racism, in class politics, so, obviously, it takes a lot of work to consistently challenge ourselves to be attentive to aspects of power that we don't ourselves experience.
Don't look too far into the future, just look at tomorrow. One day at a time. Can you win tomorrow? Can you make progress? The answer is yes, you have a choice and tomorrow you're going to win.
As a parent, it's my responsibility to equip my child to do this - to grieve when grief is necessary and to realize that life is still profoundly beautiful and worth living despite the fact that we inevitably lose one another and that life ends, and we don't know what happens after death.
Embrace your fear. Imagine what you're most afraid of, touch it and hold it so that you rob it of its power.
Love was not in it for me at first. I dated guys because of the way they looked. And then I began to learn that it's what's inside that counts. Love to me now is understanding. It's giving.
While many of us never knew Ronald Reagan personally, we felt close to him because we shared his lighthearted sense of humor, admired his uncommon virtue, and were moved by his remarkable wisdom.
The Kingdom is the love of God prevailing in politics, in business, in government, in media. It is all the impact of the laws of God creating a social environment where the strong help the weak, where those who have give to those who don't. It's a society where relationships are built on love.
If one morning I walked on top of the water across the Potomac River, the headline that afternoon would read: 'President Can't Swim.'
When you destroy a population, once femicide happens, we're going to see the end of humanity, because I don't know how you sustain a future without vitalised women.
Health care missed the PC and Internet revolutions, but it can't afford to miss the cloud and mobile revolution.
The police can't protect consumers. People need to be more aware and educated about identity theft. You need to be a little bit wiser, a little bit smarter and there's nothing wrong with being skeptical. We live in a time when if you make it easy for someone to steal from you, someone will.
Do the best you can in every task, no matter how unimportant it may seem at the time. No one learns more about a problem than the person at the bottom.
The only thing wrong with immortality is that it tends to go on forever.
Be as a tower firmly set; Shakes not its top for any blast that blows.
I believe the land of Palestine will be returned to owners of the land with the help of God.
Thoughts have power; thoughts are energy. And you can make your world or break it by your own thinking.
As long as your body is healthy and under control and death is distant, try to save your soul; when death is immanent what can you do?
Hungary does not need a single migrant for the economy to work or the population to sustain itself or for the country to have a future.
I respect religion and all people's ideas of it. I think everyone should be able to do whatever they want to do with their own life. I just don't particularly like it when people try and force their ideas on others.
Family, nature and health all go together.
We all make snap judgments on small amounts of information. We do it all the time with online dating, deciding whether to spend time someone on the basis of a short blurb and three pics.
Death be not proud, though some have called thee Mighty and dreadful, for thou art not so. For, those, whom thou think'st thou dost overthrow. Die not, poor death, nor yet canst thou kill me.
I have a lot of very close girlfriends and sisters - I'm from an all female family. My father often quips that even the cat was neutered!
I've always regarded nature as the clothing of God.
When your time comes to die, be not like those whose hearts are filled with fear of death, so that when their time comes they weep and pray for a little more time to live their lives over again in a different way. Sing your death song, and die like a hero going home.
It was not until the end of my freshman year in high school that I thought I could really have a future in track and field. I definitely did not think I could make it to the Olympics back then, though; I was just focused on making it to the state finals!
Agitate! Agitate! Ought to be the motto of every reformer. Agitation is the opposite of stagnation - the one is life, the other death.
It takes courage to come forward, and I don't want any victim of sexual harassment to think twice about doing so.
God requires his people to shine as lights in the world. It is not merely the ministers who are required to do this, but every disciple of Christ. Their conversation should be heavenly.
I fantasize about going back to high school with the knowledge I have now. I would shine. I would have a good time, I would have a girlfriend. I think that's where a lot of my pain comes from. I think I never had any teenage years to go back to.
I wasn't shy, but I was really hyper. Nobody got my sense of humor. I was a black skater kid.
I need to make money for my family and my future family. I'm not a YOLO person.
War is fear cloaked in courage.
I don't want to achieve immortality through my work. I want to achieve it through not dying.
I believe there are certain things that God uses to get us out of a bad situation, and I believe music was one of the things he used for me.
Think for a moment about what Obamacare has done: The federal government has come up with its own (ever-evolving) definition of 'health insurance,' which now includes free access to sterilization, contraception, and certain abortifacients such as the morning-after pill.
I believe that imagination is stronger than knowledge. That myth is more potent than history. That dreams are more powerful than facts. That hope always triumphs over experience. That laughter is the only cure for grief. And I believe that love is stronger than death.
God who is eternally complete, who directs the stars, who is the master of fates, who elevates man from his lowliness to Himself, who speaks from the cosmos to every single human soul, is the most brilliant manifestation of the goal of perfection.
Only the wise know just where predestination ends and free will begins. Meanwhile, you must keep on doing your best, according to your own clearest understanding. you must long for freedom as the drowning man longs for air. Without sincere longing, you will never find God.
My most visible goal is to do something in nutrition to children in India, and pregnant mothers. Because that would change the mental and physical health of our population in years to come.
Learn everything you can, anytime you can, from anyone you can - there will always come a time when you will be grateful you did.
Oh eyes, no eyes, but fountains fraught with tears; O life, no life, but lively form of death; Oh world, no world, but mass of public wrongs.
The future is fluid. Each act, each decision, and each development creates new possibilities and eliminates others. The future is ours to direct.
I have never made but one prayer to God, a very short one: 'O Lord make my enemies ridiculous.' And God granted it.
Education is the power to think clearly, the power to act well in the worlds work, and the power to appreciate life.
There may be some difficulties, some interruptions, but as a nation and as a people, we are going to build a truly multiracial, democratic society that maybe can emerge as a model for the rest of the world.
You are free to reject God. Make sure that you're really rejecting God, not some caricature of God that the church has shown you. But I, one, respect a God who not only allows us to reject Him but includes the arguments we can use against Him in the Bible. I respect that.
I wouldn't mind telling my five good friends that I'm dating, but I don't want my loose connections to know.
I think American guys tend to be a bit more forward, a bit more chatty and open than the Brits. The Brits seem to have a darker sense of humor, though I have met some Americans who have adopted bits of the British dry sense of humor as well.
History, despite its wrenching pain, cannot be unlived, but if faced with courage, need not be lived again.
Peace, plenty, and contentment reign throughout our borders, and our beloved country presents a sublime moral spectacle to the world.
I'm very heterosexual, so dating women is something I'm not ashamed of. But my love life is not as exciting as it is reported to be.
I never think of the future - it comes soon enough.
I don't really have a type. I don't want to be a cliche. But personality is a big thing for me. You can find cute guys all over. But he's got to have some sort of sense of humor, which is so hard to find in a guy. He's got to be a bit smart.
There has been evidence throughout history of cycles when the earth gets warmer and cycles when the earth gets colder. We should always be wise stewards of the earth and all of our natural resources. But as a policymaker, I won't be guided by the global warming propaganda machine. Al Gore - we need you to return your Nobel Peace Prize!
I don't compare shows. It's very simple. I don't live in the past. If there's any secret to my longevity, it's living in the future. And a little bit in the present.
If you don't like the way the world is, you change it. You have an obligation to change it. You just do it one step at a time.
There will one day spring from the brain of science a machine or force so fearful in its potentialities, so absolutely terrifying, that even man, the fighter, who will dare torture and death in order to inflict torture and death, will be appalled, and so abandon war forever.
God is not distant: he is 'Emmanuel,' God-with-us. He is no stranger: he has a face, the face of Jesus.
We can be thankful President Barack Obama is taking aim at one of the prime causes of climate change and extreme weather: air pollution. The EPA's carbon pollution standards are the most significant step forward our country has ever taken to protect our health by addressing climate change.
The past is a source of knowledge, and the future is a source of hope. Love of the past implies faith in the future.
I was born not knowing and have had only a little time to change that here and there.
Women need to know that not all guys are going to hurt them the way that the guy did before they started dating me. I know guys I wouldn't go out with.
I'm dating a woman now who, evidently, is unaware of it.
I shall not die of a cold. I shall die of having lived.
The greater the power, the more dangerous the abuse.
The only thing that ultimately matters is to eat an ice-cream cone, play a slide trombone, plant a small tree, good God, now you're free.
Challenging and highlighting abusive power dynamics in our culture is my goal; replicating them is not.
Being an only child, I didn't have any other family but my mom and dad really, since the rest of my family lived quite far away from London.
For every minute, the future is becoming the past.
I'm always interested in relationships between women. I'm always interested in how women relate to each other, whether it's a family relationship or it's a friend relationship. That's such uncharted territory in cinema.
We must not permit our respect for the dead or our sympathy for the living to lead us into an act of injustice to the balance of the living.
We had the courage to face the superpowers that wanted a military triumph for each side they supported in Central America. We told them, 'No,' and presented a peace plan.
Girl power is about loving yourself and having confidence and strength from within, so even if you're not wearing a sexy outfit, you feel sexy.
I'm a very positive person, but this whole concept of having to always be nice, always smiling, always happy, that's not real. It was like I was wearing a mask. I was becoming this perfectly chiselled sculpture, and that was bad. That took a long time to understand.
Language is an archaeological vehicle... the language we speak is a whole palimpsest of human effort and history.
The audiences are really great. I really love it over there. I love Europe, period. Oh my God, all the architecture and all the history and just to the way people think and live is so different.
When your maturity is derived from circumstantial factors other than faith, your level of maturity would continue to fluctuate rather than being stable. This is why I am enabled to maintain a balance and stable approach to the challenges that come my way every day. I am not moved by what people say or do concerning my relationship with God.
I am just a person who is human, down to earth enjoying life... whatever god blesses you with. Enjoying life for me is just normal.
Women of child-bearing age steadily run out of eggs by the continuous process of cell death. While reading a copy of the 'Guardian' carefully from cover to cover, a normal woman will have lost on average two eggs - while, typically, a normal man will have made 70,000 new sperm.
But it also became the experience, or was the experience, of the writers who were attracted to this kind of humor. They're all men or women who come from the same kind of experience in their own lives.
Bravery is being the only one who knows you're afraid.
It is possible to read the history of this country as one long struggle to extend the liberties established in our Constitution to everyone in America.
Children are the keys of paradise.
Science without conscience is the death of the soul.
What you feel inside reflects on your face. So be happy and positive all the time.
The best time to buy a home is always five years ago.
Patriotism is supporting your country all the time, and your government when it deserves it.
Students should respect trees just as they respect their mothers.
When wealth is lost, nothing is lost; when health is lost, something is lost; when character is lost, all is lost.
There's a charm, there's a rhythm, there's a soul to Jewish humor. When I first saw Richard Pryor perform, I told him, 'You're doing a Jewish act.'
Regarding marriage, it - somehow, it didn't happen. One fellow in such a big family not getting married is not an issue.
Study the past, if you would divine the future.
Changing our consumer behaviour is similar to quitting smoking. Unless people are shocked into doing it, either by social disapproval or family disapproval or fear of the medical consequences, they'll just keep on smoking.
I respect the fact that people have worked hard all week and want to go to the movies on the weekend and be entertained.
We live in an image society. Speeches are not what anybody cares about; what they care about is the picture.
One of the greatest gifts my father gave me - unintentionally - was witnessing the courage with which he bore adversity. We had a bit of a rollercoaster life with some really challenging financial periods. He was always unshaken, completely tranquil, the same ebullient, laughing, jovial man.
Animals have a much better attitude to life and death than we do. They know when their time has come. We are the ones that suffer when they pass, but it's a healing kind of grief that enables us to deal with other griefs that are not so easy to grab hold of.
I love puns. I've been known to turn the car around just to take advantage of a good pun situation. It really is the highest form of humor.
My influences, going back through the history of rap, talk about Doug E. Fresh, Kool Moe D, Eric B. & Rakim, Public Enemy.
Power is not a means, it is an end. One does not establish a dictatorship in order to safeguard a revolution; one makes the revolution in order to establish the dictatorship.
Why do we love the sea? It is because it has some potent power to make us think things we like to think.
God gives every bird its food, but He does not throw it into its nest.
The 'Bird's Nest' National Stadium, which I helped to conceive, is designed to embody the Olympic spirit of 'fair competition.' It tells people that freedom is possible but needs fairness, courage and strength.
It is certain, in any case, that ignorance, allied with power, is the most ferocious enemy justice can have.
I grew up in an athletic family. My dad played and my brother currently plays professional soccer, so I'm athletic.
Humor has become so cliche and boring that nothing's funny anymore unless it involves something totally disgusting that offends somebody or makes them feel really uncomfortable.
I think quite often a fate worse than death is life, for lots of people.
We're going to be OK because of the American people. They have more grit, determination and courage than you can imagine.
I've been through it all, baby, I'm mother courage.
You have to be constantly reinventing yourself and investing in the future.
Be faithful to that which exists within yourself.
Every man who knows how to read has it in his power to magnify himself, to multiply the ways in which he exists, to make his life full, significant and interesting.
We live in a world with fake news being put out there. You don't really know what to trust, and it's a real danger to society.
In the absence of any other proof, the thumb alone would convince me of God's existence.
Hands down, 'The Family Man' is one of my favorite movies with Nicolas Cage and Tea Leoni. I've always loved that movie... it's pretty special. I also love 'It's a Wonderful Life,' and 'Home Alone' - I think it's really funny.
I don't want to miss out on the chance of having a good time.
If a country is to be corruption free and become a nation of beautiful minds, I strongly feel there are three key societal members who can make a difference. They are the father, the mother and the teacher.
Each age tries to form its own conception of the past. Each age writes the history of the past anew with reference to the conditions uppermost in its own time.
All things are artificial, for nature is the art of God.
A man must have something to grumble about; and if he can't complain that his wife harries him to death with her perversity and ill-humour, he must complain that she wears him out with her kindness and gentleness.
The history of the kingdom of God is, directly, one of a reunion. The total divine milieu is formed by the incorporation of every elected spirit in Jesus Christ.
I think the healthy way to live is to make friends with the beast inside oneself, and that means not the beast but the shadow. The dark side of one's nature. Have fun with it and you know, is to accept everything about ourselves.
Geography has made us neighbors. History has made us friends. Economics has made us partners, and necessity has made us allies. Those whom God has so joined together, let no man put asunder.
Where I am today... I still have my ups and downs, but I take it one day at a time and I just hope that I can be the best that I can possibly be, not only for myself, but also young people that are out there today that need someone to look up to.
A library is the delivery room for the birth of ideas, a place where history comes to life.
The wise man must remember that while he is a descendant of the past, he is a parent of the future.
We get the worrywart, the hypochondriac, the money-grubbing miser, the intractable negotiator... Some would say certain of these refer to the stereotypical, or 'stage' Jew. But objectively speaking, the only crime in humor is an unfunny joke.
The devil is busy and trying to distort and adulterate the things that are the pure essence of God.
There are two types of courage involved with what I did. When it comes to picking up a rifle, millions of people are capable of doing that, as we see in Iraq or Vietnam. But when it comes to risking their careers, or risking being invited to lunch by the establishment, it turns out that's remarkably rare.
I grew up in Europe, where the history comes from.
There is a lot of extreme emotion in Korean film. It's because there are a lot of extremes in Korean society.
I do respect people's faith, but I don't respect their manipulation of that faith in order to create fear and control.
Far too often, we have limited the definition of the Church. While not in all cases, in many cases, 'Church' has become an informational, inspirational weekly gathering rather than the group of people that God has ordained from Heaven to operate on his behalf on Earth in order to bring Heaven's viewpoint into history.
Some say Google is God. Others say Google is Satan. But if they think Google is too powerful, remember that with search engines unlike other companies, all it takes is a single click to go to another search engine.
Everybody's got a different sense of humor. It's just different styles.
If you make money your god, it will plague you like the devil.
The enchanting charms of this sublime science reveal only to those who have the courage to go deeply into it.
The enemy of society is middle class and the enemy of life is middle age.
My family background was deeply Christian.
Do not call for black power or green power. Call for brain power.
In my mind I'm a blind man doin' time.
Respect the place you live, be aware of the impact that you have on things.
To persevere, trusting in what hopes he has, is courage in a man.
As a leader, I am tough on myself and I raise the standard for everybody; however, I am very caring because I want people to excel at what they are doing so that they can aspire to be me in the future.
America was not built on fear. America was built on courage, on imagination and an unbeatable determination to do the job at hand.
You have to look at what the United Nations Declaration of Rights of Indigenous people says which is free and prior informed consent. Now, if you say 'we're going to build a pipeline, what does it take for us as the colonial power of Canada to make you agree?' That's not free, prior and informed consent, that's coercion.
When someone saves your life and gives you life, there's gratitude, humility; there's a time you've been so blessed you realize you've been given another chance at life that maybe you did or didn't deserve.
And I think of that again as I've written in several of my beauty books, a lot of health comes from the proper eating habits, which are something that - you know, I come from a generation that wasn't - didn't have a lot of food.
You can have a certain arrogance, and I think that's fine, but what you should never lose is the respect for the others.
Keep your face always toward the sunshine - and shadows will fall behind you.
I have never killed a man, but I have read many obituaries with great pleasure.
My father was very strict, a very militant parent, because he wanted us to be very focused kids. He sold the televisions, so we didn't watch TV. And he didn't want any music playing that wasn't gospel or inspirational music. In fact, he didn't even like a lot of gospel because he thought it was too bluesy.
Genocide is not just a murderous madness; it is, more deeply, a politics that promises a utopia beyond politics - one people, one land, one truth, the end of difference. Since genocide is a form of political utopia, it remains an enduring temptation in any multiethnic and multicultural society in crisis.
Life is apogee, apex, decline; life is death - and everything else is open to discussion.
The Iowa Women's Health Study, which has followed more than 35,000 women for decades, found eating more broccoli, cauliflower, kale and other cruciferous vegetables was associated with a lower risk of getting non-Hodgkin's lymphoma in the first place.
My father was a great example of a strong and good man and Christian man, and my mother taught all my six sisters how to be young ladies and mothers and how to take care of your family. And so I think they were - they still are - great examples for all of us to their kids and to the world, too.
As a child my family's menu consisted of two choices: take it or leave it.
The continental troops have as much courage and real discipline as those that are opposed to them. They are more inured to privation, more patient than Europeans, who, on these two points, cannot be compared to them.
Arbitrary power is like most other things which are very hard, very liable to be broken.
We should be teaching young girls to take up space. Nothing is as important as taking up space in society and cementing yourself.
We have to pray with our eyes on God, not on the difficulties.
I say the law should be blind to race, gender and sexual orientation, just as it claims to be blind to wealth and power. There should be no specially protected groups of any kind, except for children, the severely disabled and the elderly, whose physical frailty demands society's care.
Whatever you learn will never go waste. It will be beneficial for me in future.
The Russians feared Ike. They didn't fear me.
Death is the mother of Beauty; hence from her, alone, shall come fulfillment to our dreams and our desires.
I am a marvelous housekeeper. Every time I leave a man I keep his house.
I grew up a skinny kid with a funny last name and coke bottle glasses, so I experienced my fair share of bullies. But I learned, with the help of humor and resilience, to never give up.
I have the best memories as a kid eating ice cream. It was a family tradition that I had with my father. It was nice.
A key part of our democracy is having a marketplace of ideas, open forums where people with diverse viewpoints can be heard and treated with respect.
I would sum up my fear about the future in one word: boring. And that's my one fear: that everything has happened; nothing exciting or new or interesting is ever going to happen again... the future is just going to be a vast, conforming suburb of the soul.
Courageous people do not fear forgiving, for the sake of peace.
We are dying from overthinking. We are slowly killing ourselves by thinking about everything. Think. Think. Think. You can never trust the human mind anyway. It's a death trap.
The human brain had a vast memory storage. It made us curious and very creative. Those were the characteristics that gave us an advantage - curiosity, creativity and memory. And that brain did something very special. It invented an idea called 'the future.'
You hear people say, 'We take our Tennessee Williams very seriously. There is no laughter here.' It's full of humor! Not to laugh is a big, bad mistake!
I believe life is a series of near misses. A lot of what we ascribe to luck is not luck at all. It's seizing the day and accepting responsibility for your future. It's seeing what other people don't see And pursuing that vision.
A team is where a boy can prove his courage on his own. A gang is where a coward goes to hide.
I think superheroes are heroes with flaws, and in their flaws, there is a sense of humor.
All my adult life, I have lived with Labour lies about tax cuts. Their cry is always the same. Tax cuts are impossible in a civilised society. They mean less revenue for the state, which means sacked teachers, unemployed doctors, fewer nurses. I am amazed anyone still takes such arrant twaddle seriously.
I was a precocious only child, and then I went through a fat, awkward stage for several years, so I learned to fall back on my humor and personality when I was growing up. It's how you survive, so I think it was more of a natural progression for me, developing into comedy.
God's first line of defense - and offense - for every situation is prayer.
We get into the habit of living before acquiring the habit of thinking. In that race which daily hastens us towards death, the body maintains its irreparable lead.
The death of my father is probably the biggest thing that I ever faced. Daddy and I were best friends.
He who is brave is free.
Like a welcome summer rain, humor may suddenly cleanse and cool the earth, the air and you.
Your talent is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift back to God.
But, at the end of the day, we need to represent the taxpayers who have made enormous sacrifices. Many have lost their jobs. Many of them have seen their companies - they don't have a pension - they have seen their companies cut the match for their 401(k). They have seen their health care benefits be shredded.
Underestimating grades has serious consequences for a student's choice of university, and their future.
Death is like an arrow that is already in flight, and your life lasts only until it reaches you.
The human race is a very, very magical race. We have a magic power of witches and wizards. We're here on this earth to unravel the mystery of this planet. The planet is asking for it.
Power without principle is barren, but principle without power is futile. This is a party of government, and I will lead it as a party of government.
So, I'm thinking of a name for a villain that has a sense of humor. I thought of 'The Joker' as a name, and as soon as I thought that, I associate it with the playing card, as my family had a tradition of champion playing; my brother was a contract champion bridge player. There were always cards around the house.
We work very closely with HSN's buying team, to ensure that our products and demonstrations are as exciting, educational and as inspirational as possible.
Respect me at all means. No halfway disrespect.
The only thing we know about the future is that it will be different.
The public health of five million children should not be left to luck or chance.
The subconscious doesn't distinguish sarcasm and jokes. It just accepts what it hears. That's the power of words.
Death may be the King of terrors... but Jesus is the King of kings!
It is a full time job being honest one moment at a time, remembering to love, to honor, to respect. It is a practice, a discipline, worthy of every moment.
In the 'Hurt Locker' there's a lot of me in there, a sense of humor, a man of few words and a lot of action.
We should weep for men at their birth, not at their death.
Music has healing power. It has the ability to take people out of themselves for a few hours.
Old age is an excellent time for outrage. My goal is to say or do at least one outrageous thing every week.
The human mind is a dramatic structure in itself and our society is absolutely saturated with drama.
It is old age, rather than death, that is to be contrasted with life. Old age is life's parody, whereas death transforms life into a destiny: in a way it preserves it by giving it the absolute dimension. Death does away with time.
The hope of eternal life is not to be taken up upon slight grounds. It is a subject to be settled between God and your own soul; settled for eternity. A supposed hope, and nothing more, will prove your ruin.
History rarely repeats itself, but its echoes never go away.
No one can avoid death; it is inevitable. Therefore, I should create in my mind a kind of willingness and accepting for that event without any fear.
Popular culture is most powerful when it offers us a vision of how our society should look - or at least reproduces our reality.
An attempt is already underway to revise history - to leave the impression that the former president had nothing to do with Watergate. But there is no doubt about his obstruction of justice after the Watergate break-in.
Athletes can definitely have an impact on society. And it's great that athletes can be a part of uniting the population.
You cannot hope to build a better world without improving the individuals. To that end, each of us must work for his own improvement and, at the same time, share a general responsibility for all humanity, our particular duty being to aid those to whom we think we can be most useful.
Captain Cook discovered Australia looking for the Terra Incognita. Christopher Columbus thought he was finding India but discovered America. History is full of events that happened because of an imaginary tale.
There is hope for the future because God has a sense of humor and we are funny to God.
Courage is the art of being the only one who knows you're scared to death.
Together my friends, we will ride our ponies into a zombie-powered future.
No matter where you're from, no matter what religion you practice, your ethnicity, race, or anything else - what is it that can bring us together as people? It is, what we call in Hawaii, aloha... sincere, deep love and respect for other people as children of God.
I will admit, like Socrates and Aristotle and Plato and some other philosophers, that there are instances where the death penalty would seem appropriate.
Books, I found, had the power to make time stand still, retreat or fly into the future.
There comes a time in the life of every nation when it stands at the crossroads of history and must choose which way to go.
Reading was very important to me as a kid. It was very inspirational to me. I went to a school where that wasn't encouraged so much, but my parents encouraged that, and it has made me part of who I am.
Even Helen Keller, who was born blind and deaf, could see God. No doubt, in her silent darkness, every fragrant flower, every ray of the warm sun, every taste that touched her tongue told her that there was a God who created all things. Jodie Foster shouldn't therefore be surprised that people are surprised that she's an atheist.
I believe that whatever comes at a particular time is a blessing from God.
With actors like Steve McQueen, Paul Newman and Harrison Ford, what made them such icons is that even in dramatic movies, their characters had a sense of humor.
The glow of one warm thought is to me worth more than money.
My mom keeps me going, man. She deserves such a good life. I just wanna give it to her. My dad, too. My family, my friends, they keep me motivated. Just knowing my personal legend, just knowing what I'm supposed to do, that keeps me going.
In every society some men are born to rule, and some to advise.
Save a boyfriend for a rainy day - and another, in case it doesn't rain.
Statutes authorizing unreasonable searches were the core concern of the framers of the 4th Amendment.
I am extraordinarily lucky, I was born in a family of strong moral values, and in my life I was able to do what I liked best: debuts, great theatres, but above all, inner and deep satisfaction.
I know that God has had my back, even when I was screwing up.
The name, Seventh-day Adventist, is a standing rebuke to the Protestant world. Here is the line of distinction between the worshipers of God, and those who worship the beast, and receive his mark. The great conflict is between the commandments of God and the requirements of the beast.
A wise woman recognizes when her life is out of balance and summons the courage to act to correct it, she knows the meaning of true generosity, happiness is the reward for a life lived in harmony, with a courage and grace.
Darkness is good. Dick Cheney. Darth Vader. Satan. That's power.
My legacy is that I will hustle and grind. No one will stop me from hustling. I'll be where God wants me to be.
Hollow commitments to action in the future are insufficient. Deferring difficult issues must not be tolerated. Our children and grandchildren expect us to speak and act decisively.
I don't need someone with a hot body. He can be fat or overweight and have a belly. It's very much about style and substance and humor, interest, curiosity and really being smart.
Freedom of the press is not an end in itself but a means to the end of achieving a free society.
The people, and the people alone, are the motive force in the making of world history.
Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay.
While writing, saying, and doing much, Mr. Trump is apologizing for his past sins. He's walking away from supporting abortion, hurling insults and more. Now, America needs to follow suit and apologize for the scourge of legal abortion that has left millions of empty cradles, wombs barren, women's health damaged, and families broken.
Why fear death? It is the most beautiful adventure in life.
The more you practice and study, the better you are... so I still practice and study all the time.
If you want to know why the coast is such an inspirational place, ask Herman Melville, Jack London, Nordhoff and Hall, Robert Louis Stevenson or Joseph Conrad. It's a glimpse of eternity. It invites rumination, the relentless whisper of the tide against the shore.
We must build dikes of courage to hold back the flood of fear.
If Jeff Bezos and I had started Amazon.com in a poverty-stricken corner of Africa, there would have been no job creation because there would be no people to buy the stuff from Amazon.com. The difference here is the American middle class, which is by every measure the most extraordinary economic achievement in the history of the world.
The earliest example known to me of replaced body parts is exemplified by a Mayan skull dating back to 1400 BC. In this skull, false teeth made of stone had been implanted.
Most Christian 'believers' tend to echo the cultural prejudices and worldviews of the dominant group in their country, with only a minority revealing any real transformation of attitudes or consciousness. It has been true of slavery and racism, classism and consumerism and issues of immigration and health care for the poor.
The place of chess in the society is closely related to the attitude of young people towards our game.
Chronically insecure people easily lose their altruism, tolerance, and respect for non-conformity. If they have no alternative on offer, they can be led to attribute their plight to strangers in their midst.
It has had a tremendous impact on my life, more than on the life of most Prize winners, because I was in an unusual situation. I was unemployed at the time. I was in good health, but I had reached the age of 66 and beginning to get social security, but I didn't have much of that. I had many years of unemployment before me.
I have the humor of a 9-year-old boy, and sometimes I've had laughing fits on-air.
In my own relationships, I know that I should break up with someone who doesn't encourage me to be strong and make my own choices and do what's best in my life, so if you're dating someone who doesn't want you to be the best person you can be, you shouldn't be dating them.
My father was a teacher and my mother also worked in the school, so the family has a background in education.
Will power is to the mind like a strong blind man who carries on his shoulders a lame man who can see.
The fact is that censorship always defeats its own purpose, for it creates, in the end, the kind of society that is incapable of exercising real discretion.
History repeats itself, first as tragedy, second as farce.
Revolution is born as a social entity within the oppressor society.
Because of lack of moral principle, human life becomes worthless. Moral principle, truthfulness, is a key factor. If we lose that, then there is no future.
Change will never happen when people lack the ability and courage to see themselves for who they are.
I never had a single female professor throughout my whole education, from the beginning of university to the end. Even all the books were about men; I never really liked reading books about the history of science, and I never really understood why.
I think everyone understands grief, the journey it takes us on, whether it's the death of a loved one, the end of a relationship, a disappointment. Some people don't deal with it, the power of it. Some do. Some feel the weight of it and it informs their choices. I've had to open up to grief in different contexts.
I love those who can smile in trouble, who can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection. 'Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but they whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves their conduct, will pursue their principles unto death.
A little perspective, like a little humor, goes a long way.
Building a 'Green Gabon' has always been a central pillar of my government, and in 2014, I introduced a new legal framework that puts environmental protection and sustainable development firmly at the heart of our future economic growth.
I decided to devote my life to telling the story because I felt that having survived I owe something to the dead. and anyone who does not remember betrays them again.
Freedom goes hand-in-hand with mutual respect.
Power is not revealed by striking hard or often, but by striking true.
Our sense of power is more vivid when we break a man's spirit than when we win his heart.
Honestly, even if I was dating someone, I will not talk about it unless I am 100 per cent sure about it, because I am a private person.
Smart growth is having the courage to say yes and having the courage to say no.
Just because you're married doesn't mean that you have to spend 24/7 together and can't have separate interests and hobbies. In a healthy relationship, you both understand - and respect - that you need time apart doing what you want to do.
Feature-length film comedy is harder to pull off than the episodic sitcom - it doesn't have the same factory machinery up and running, teams of writers putting familiar characters through permutations - but that doesn't explain the widening quality gap that makes movie humor look like a genetic defective.
I haven't been baptised. My dad's not in the church and is not a religious person. My mum is more spiritual - she does Thai-chi and goes to Stonehenge and things like that. I'm proud to be pagan. Finland is not really a religious country. I'm still looking for my god.
Limit to courage? There is no limit to courage.
We readily go to the health club when our doctor suggests we need more exercise, but we regularly neglect the 'mental health club' that our well-being more truly requires.
I'm interested in things that change the world or that affect the future and wondrous, new technology where you see it, and you're like, 'Wow, how did that even happen? How is that possible?'
At CARE, a leading humanitarian organization, we recognize people live their lives in a holistic manner. Issues such as health care, education and economic empowerment cannot be addressed in a vacuum. Thus, effective programs need to tackle the multiple root causes of poverty.
I many times encountered courage, real courage. Undeniable courage. I've heard it said that that was the highest quality of the human animal. I encountered that many times, in unexpected places. And I have learned to recognize it when I see it.
Our whole life is set up in the path of least resistance. We don't want to suffer. We don't want to feel discomfort. So the whole time, we're living our lives in a very comfortable area. There's no growth in that.
He who doesn't fear death dies only once.
I look for these qualities and characteristics in people. Honesty is number one, respect, and absolutely the third would have to be loyalty.
The history of progress is written in the blood of men and women who have dared to espouse an unpopular cause, as, for instance, the black man's right to his body, or woman's right to her soul.
I am not a snowflake. I am not a sweet, infantilising symbol of fragility and life. I am a strong, fierce, flawed adult woman. I plan to remain that way, in life and in death.
I take time to open up with people. But once I know you, I'm fine. I'm a shy person.
I can look at the future with anticipation. And it's comforting to know that someday, as Christians, we'll be able to look back and have a little more clarity on why certain things in life happened.
I could not tread these perilous paths in safety, if I did not keep a saving sense of humor.
In history as in human life, regret does not bring back a lost moment and a thousand years will not recover something lost in a single hour.
I believe in God, but not as one thing, not as an old man in the sky. I believe that what people call God is something in all of us. I believe that what Jesus and Mohammed and Buddha and all the rest said was right. It's just that the translations have gone wrong.
People deal with death differently; some even laugh at funerals.
I want to start dating the man that I'm gonna marry. I want to start having some fun with someone that I know I'm gonna be with. I don't play any games. I'm too old for that. I've been there; I've been around the block.
If someone were to say that life at hard labor is as painful as death and therefore equally cruel, I should reply that, taking all the unhappy moments of perpetual slavery together, it is perhaps even more painful, but these moments are spread out over a lifetime, and capital punishment exercises all its power in an instant.
For where God built a church, there the Devil would also build a chapel.
The truth is on the march and nothing will stop it.
I thank God that I'm a product of my parents. That they infected me with their intelligence and energy for life, with their thirst for knowledge and their love. I'm grateful that I know where I come from.
Food is everything we are. It's an extension of nationalist feeling, ethnic feeling, your personal history, your province, your region, your tribe, your grandma. It's inseparable from those from the get-go.
I have learned so many things from my mother about the right upbringing, the right values, value for money, value for elders, for family members. I think these things only a parent can teach you.
Forgiveness is not a feeling - it's a decision we make because we want to do what's right before God. It's a quality decision that won't be easy and it may take time to get through the process, depending on the severity of the offense.
As one went to Europe to see the living past, so one must visit Southern California to observe the future.
We cannot erase what has happened, but we are building a new future.
Who I was was not acceptable to black L.A. youth: the way I spoke and my sense of humor. Everybody else had relaxers and pressed hair. I wore my hair in an Afro puff. Nappy. The way I dressed. It was all about name brands at the time in L.A. I had no idea. All those things, I failed miserably at.
When leaders throughout an organization take an active, genuine interest in the people they manage, when they invest real time to understand employees at a fundamental level, they create a climate for greater morale, loyalty, and, yes, growth.
I'm playing dark history. It's beyond black. I'm dealing with the dark things of the cosmos.
I always am a firm believer in you compensate people for their job, and so I did give them bonuses. We accomplished a lot in Congress, we passed health care reform. There were threats against their lives; they had a tough two years. They'd forgone any cost-of-living increase or any bonus before.
People may think of Southern humor in terms of missing teeth and outhouse accidents, but the best of it is a rich vein running through the best of Southern literature.
I really want women to know their power, to value their experience. To understand that nothing has been more wholesome in the political process than the increased involvement of women.
Do you seriously expect me to be the first Prince of Wales in history not to have a mistress?
I come from Beverley in East Yorkshire, and no one there would step outside their front door, or even their back door, on a Saturday night - or any other time, for that matter - unless they were dressed to the nines.
A pure democracy is a society consisting of a small number of citizens, who assemble and administer the government in person.
The future is always a dystopia in movies.
It has been my honor to support and work with President Barack Obama, a man who has brought courage and character to the presidency. President Obama's strength of character leads him to do the right thing, even when it isn't the easy thing.
I think more and more respect has been accorded to teachers, and quite rightly so.
FOMO (fear of missing out) is the enemy of valuing your own time.
I do not wish women to have power over men; but over themselves.
Don't waste time on what's not important. Don't get sucked into the drama. Get on with it: don't dwell on the past. Be a big person; be generous of spirit; be the person you'd admire.
I think history is collective memories. In writing, I'm using my own memory, and I'm using my collective memory.
From labour health, from health contentment spring; contentment opes the source of every joy.
I'm not patient, and some things drive me crazy. In my work, I get incredibly upset when people don't get it right or don't respect others' needs.
The butterfly counts not months but moments, and has time enough.
By now, you've probably caught on to something: my mother is always standing by with just the right Scripture or inspirational saying to get me through any tough situation.
God removes the sin of the one who makes humble confession, and thereby the devil loses the sovereignty he had gained over the human heart.
Regrets are idle; yet history is one long regret. Everything might have turned out so differently.
A basic truth that the history of the creation of the transistor reveals is that the foundations of transistor electronics were created by making errors and following hunches that failed to give what was expected.
If photographers are responsible for creating or reflecting an image of women in society, then, I must say, there is only one way for the future, and this is to define women as strong and independent. This should be the responsibility of photographers today: to free women, and finally everyone, from the terror of youth and perfection.
Many politicians, celebrities, businessmen and women, and community leaders now are open about their struggles with mental illnesses, something almost unheard of when I began. Together, we are spreading the word that mental health affects all of us and deserves our support and attention.
The revolutionary breakthrough will come with rockets that are fully and rapidly reusable. We will never conquer Mars unless we do that. It'll be too expensive. The American colonies would never have been pioneered if the ships that crossed the ocean hadn't been reusable.
God only made one thing in this world that's perfect - and that's my boxing record.
The state can be a force for good. The Rule of law is absolutely essential to a good life. God has instituted government and leaders throughout history and throughout the Biblical narrative. However, the state is growing precisely as the church is fading as a force for good, and this does not seem to be a good trend.
We are either going to go down the socialist road and become like Western Europe and create, I guess really a godless society, an atheist society. Or we're going to continue down the other pathway, where we believe in freedom of speech, individual liberties, and that we remain a Christian nation.
You know, all that really matters is that the people you love are happy and healthy. Everything else is just sprinkles on the sundae.
Comedy is tragedy - plus time.
Every day is a gift from God. Learn to focus on the Giver and enjoy the gift!
Classical liberalism is the idea that individual freedom and limited government are the best way for humans to form a free society.
God looks after children, animals and idiots.
Dating apps are brilliant for expanding your actual social network, which leads you to meet other people.
Love and desire are the spirit's wings to great deeds.
Life is so fast. And I still remember when I came up to the big leagues and played as if it were yesterday. Time flies.
Power concedes nothing without a demand. It never did and it never will.
It is difficult to accept death in this society because it is unfamiliar. In spite of the fact that it happens all the time, we never see it.
Time will pass and seasons will come and go.
I'm a lucky person because I've been loved a lot. I have a great family.
And when I breathed, my breath was lightning.
You can't have a better tomorrow if you are thinking about yesterday all the time.
My husband, Vivek Deora - he is very meticulous about cooking, and slowly and lovingly makes his family recipes, handed down generations.
In the Confederate Army, an officer was judged by stark courage alone, and this made it possible for the Confederacy to live four years.
Last year my boyfriend gave me a painting - a very personal one. I really prefer personal gifts or ones made by someone for me. Except diamonds. That's the exception to the rule.
I challenge us all to have the courage of our convictions to fight for a fair, justice and inclusive society.
It is reasonable to expect the doctor to recognize that science may not have all the answers to problems of health and healing.
The history of black women in the economy is rooted in the legacy of slavery. Enslaved black women were forced to provide care work, unpaid, for white families.
Bumble was founded with several key values: empowerment, equality, and kindness. We are a company that was built to empower women and empower men to respect women. We want to create a place where all types of connections take place: a platform and a brand where women always make the first move.
I am personally not against keeping animals at zoos, as they serve a huge educational purpose, but treating them well and with respect seems the least we could do, and with 'we' I mean not just zoo staff, but most certainly also the public.
As long as I have health and strength, I will gladly work all my days.
As a child, I lived through and survived the segregated South. I sat at the back of the bus at a time when America wasn't yet as great as it could be. As a grown woman, I saw the first black president reach down a hand and touch the face of a child like I once was, lifting his eyes toward a better future.
Coaches will eventually notice a great attitude, and they respect that.
As a songwriter, you respect and appreciate the writings of other people, and I often get asked, are there songs out there I wish I'd written? Yes. There's many of them!
Books are challenging and inspirational to me.
Putin needs strong moves to keep the country as one. There is some criticism that he is centralizing power, but in Russia, if you don't centralize power, you have the risk of losing the country.
My heart goes out to victims and survivors of the Hurricane Katrina tragedy and to their families. This disaster will go down in history books as one of the largest natural disasters in U.S. history.
You know, when I sit in meetings and things are very tense and people take things extremely seriously and they invest a lot of their ego, I sometimes think to myself, 'Come on, you know, there's life and there's death and there is love.' And all of that ego business is nonsense compared to that.
Whenever I gaze up at the moon, I feel like I'm on a time machine. I am back to that precious pinpoint of time, standing on the foreboding - yet beautiful - Sea of Tranquility. I could see our shining blue planet Earth poised in the darkness of space.
I've been fortunate enough to witness some of the biggest moments in football history mere yards away from the action, but I wanted to go out on a high rather than stay too long. I didn't want to get to the stage where people say, 'Oh blimey, Motty's lost it. He's getting the players wrong, and his voice is going.'
I do not believe that civilization will be wiped out in a war fought with the atomic bomb. Perhaps two-thirds of the people of the earth will be killed.
The little things, I can obey. But the big things - how we think, what we value - those you must choose yourself. You can't let anyone - or any society - determine those for you.
Many things we need can wait. The child cannot. Now is the time his bones are formed, his mind developed. To him we cannot say tomorrow, his name is today.
We are all different. Yet we are all God's children. We are all united behind this country and the common cause of freedom, justice, fairness, and equality. That is what unites us.
Settings are obviously important - and as a writer, you have to respect what was real at the time of the story you're writing. But the real key to success lies in finding the right characters to carry that story.
When I look out at the people and they look at me and they're smiling, then I know that I'm loved. That is the time when I have no worries, no problems.
In almost everything that touches our everyday life on earth, God is pleased when we're pleased. He wills that we be as free as birds to soar and sing our maker's praise without anxiety.
A good society is characterised not just by liberty but by mutual respect and responsibility. When this breaks down it takes a lot more than police officers to put things right.
Respect the game on and off the field and if you do that, you're going to have the respect among your peers.
But God will have a people upon the earth to maintain the Bible, and the Bible only, as the standard of all doctrines and the basis of all reforms.
A great deal of talent is lost to the world for want of a little courage. Every day sends to their graves obscure men whose timidity prevented them from making a first effort.
The only way to predict the future is to have power to shape the future.
The essence of the Hebrew Bible, transmitted by Christianity, is separation: between life and death, nature and God, good and evil, man and woman, and the holy and the profane.
The difference between our family and other poor families was that my mother actively chose to be poor. She was highly literate, and she had a college degree, but after my father left, she took the first secretarial job she could find and never looked for other employment again.
Our criminal justice system is fallible. We know it, even though we don't like to admit it. It is fallible despite the best efforts of most within it to do justice. And this fallibility is, at the end of the day, the most compelling, persuasive, and winning argument against a death penalty.
Stop treating Muslims as if they're some kind of foreign, alien entity rather than part of the fabric of Canadian society or American society or British society.
That great dust-heap called 'history'.
History will decide if I'm a villain or a hero.
Time makes more converts than reason.
Society is well governed when its people obey the magistrates, and the magistrates obey the law.
I truly believe that women should be financially independent from their men. And let's face it, money gives men the power to run the show. It gives men the power to define value. They define what's sexy. And men define what's feminine. It's ridiculous.
All history has been a history of class struggles between dominated classes at various stages of social development.
The Arab-Israeli conflict is also in many ways a conflict about status: it's a war between two peoples who feel deeply humiliated by the other, who want the other to respect them. Battles over status can be even more intractable than those over land or water or oil.
If success attends my steps, honor and glory await my name-if defeat, still shall it be said we died like brave men, and conferred honor, even in death, on the American Name.
The feminist movement is not about success for women. It is about treating women as victims and about telling women that you can't succeed because society is unfair to you, and I think that's a very unfortunate idea to put in the minds of young women because I believe women can do whatever they want.
The Chinese government wants me to say that for many centuries Tibet has been part of China. Even if I make that statement, many people would just laugh. And my statement will not change past history. History is history.
Estate planning is an important and everlasting gift you can give your family. And setting up a smooth inheritance isn't as hard as you might think.
You can't connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future. You have to trust in something - your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever. This approach has never let me down, and it has made all the difference in my life.
The idea of the peace movement and of people who spent their entire lives trying to have a more egalitarian, just society, suddenly became swamped by the record industry, by the new rock and roll culture, and by the idea of not trusting anyone over thirty.
I ate no butcher's meat, lived chiefly on fruits, vegetables, and fish, and never drank a glass of spirits or wine until my wedding day. To this I attribute my continual good health, endurance, and an iron constitution.
There was a time when men thought it was sexy to have a housewife waiting for him to come home from work in her slippers, but in modern society, I think an independent woman is even more sexy.
OK, I have a nickname. My family calls me 'Trey' because I'm William the third. My dad has the same name, which is always confusing because my dad is well known, and I'm also known.
There is no word for feeling nostalgic about the future, but that's what a parent's tears often are, a nostalgia for something that has not yet occurred. They are the pain of hope, the helplessness of hope, and finally, the surrender to hope.
God is in the sadness and the laughter, in the bitter and the sweet.
Historians and archaeologists will one day discover that the ads of our time are the richest and most faithful reflections that any society ever made of its entire range of activities.
Generally, I respect critics; they have their job to do.
Hunting is part of a cycle of life that repeats. Life. Death. Life. Death. Death is part of life.
'Battle: Los Angeles' - I've got to say this was easily one of the most physically trying things that I've ever done in my life because I play a Marine in the film, and they had us training with real live Marines for, like, three weeks. It gave me a whole new respect for just the armed forces, period.
My health is good and it's up to me to keep it that way.
Dying is easy, it's living that scares me to death.
Many kids come out of college, they have a credit card and a diploma. They don't know how to buy a house or a car or health insurance or life insurance. They do not know basic microeconomics.
Every man has his own destiny: the only imperative is to follow it, to accept it, no matter where it leads him.
No one on his deathbed ever said, I wish I had spent more time on my business.
Open your refrigerator door, and you summon forth more light than the total amount enjoyed by most households in the 18th century. The world at night, for much of history, was a very dark place indeed.
I don't talk about who I'm dating because when you break up, you wind up reliving it in the media.
I've always felt strongly that the Confederate flag and other symbols like that are not representative of Nascar, even though I respect anyone's right, because it does mean different things to different people.
Sometimes you meet people and you feel like you've known them for a long time.
If we are to ensure that healthcare remains affordable and widely available for future generations, we need to radically rethink how we provide and manage it - in collaboration with key health system partners - and apply the technology that can help achieve these changes.
There is no death, only a change of worlds.
I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it. The brave man is not he who does not feel afraid, but he who conquers that fear.
If the white folks feel America is great for everybody, I don't want to change what they love. All I want is to bring my love and respect in the areas of law, policy, business, and banking. That's what I do when I do my extremely rare lectures at universities.
More than ever before in human history, we share a common destiny. We can master it only if we face it together. And that, my friends, is why we have the United Nations.
Having a lot of friends and family around you - that's all a part of wellness.
For me, football is more than a sport, just look at the impact it has on society.
Look at what is broken in society, figure out how to make it better, and then, around that, formulate a business.
But time growing old teaches all things.
All the people who follow me on Twitter know my sense of humor. I sometimes forget the blogosphere will give it more weight than I intended.
The airplane stays up because it doesn't have the time to fall.
When authority is total, so too is the madness of the man who declares it, and the potential for abuse of power.
Tomorrow is the most important thing in life. Comes into us at midnight very clean. It's perfect when it arrives and it puts itself in our hands. It hopes we've learned something from yesterday.
At times, we were forced to go through a history of dependence, unable to determine our own destiny. But today, we are at the threshold of a new turning point.
If you can capture the humanity of a family struggling in an economic crisis you can make a difference. You can raise awareness just of the simple humanity.
No matter how old you are, no matter how much you weigh, you can still control the health of your body.
My whole damn family was nice. I don't think I've imagined it. It's true. Maybe it has to do with being brought up as Christian Scientists. Half of my relatives were Readers or Practitioners in the church.
I liked the humor of it, I've always enjoyed a sense of humor in God and in religion and in spirituality.
I believe that one defines oneself by reinvention. To not be like your parents. To not be like your friends. To be yourself. To cut yourself out of stone.
If you look at history, innovation doesn't come just from giving people incentives; it comes from creating environments where their ideas can connect.
There is that in the glance of a flower which may at times control the greatest of creation's braggart lords.
We need to tackle extreme inequality because it is morally indefensible and socially corrosive - undermining our health, affecting our well-being, and undermining peaceful societies.
Society exists for the benefit of its members, not the members for the benefit of society.
Courage, above all things, is the first quality of a warrior.
A new sense of shared international responsibility is unmistakable in the voices of the United Nations and its agencies, and in the civil society of thousands of supra-national NGOs.
If I despised myself, it would be no compensation if everyone saluted me, and if I respect myself, it does not trouble me if others hold me lightly.
Bureaucracies are inherently antidemocratic. Bureaucrats derive their power from their position in the structure, not from their relations with the people they are supposed to serve. The people are not masters of the bureaucracy, but its clients.
The life of the community, both domestically and internationally, clearly demonstrates that respect for rights, and the guarantees that follow from them, are measures of the common good that serve to evaluate the relationship between justice and injustice, development and poverty, security and conflict.
Right before the Bush inauguration, many women were greatly reassured when Laura said of Roe v. Wade on the 'Today' show, 'No, I don't think it should be overturned.' Three days later, her husband reimposed the 'global gag rule' on groups abroad that receive U.S. funding for family planning.
Our country, like every modern state, needs profound democratic reforms. It needs political and ideological pluralism, a mixed economy and protection of human rights and the opening up of society.
You gain strength, courage, and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face. You are able to say to yourself, 'I lived through this horror. I can take the next thing that comes along.'
Power is no blessing in itself, except when it is used to protect the innocent.
The rise or fall of Shanghai means the birth or death of the whole nation.
I've never had very high regard for therapists. I owe my health, my mental survival, to my friends and loved ones.
History is replete with examples of moments in time when we talk about deficit reduction and try to advance on it around the world, that is, where it leads to job losses, not job creation.
With humor, it's so subjective that trying to think of what the ideal reader would think would drive you crazy.
Real magic in relationships means an absence of judgment of others.
Growing up, dating seemed pretty straightforward: If someone was interested in getting to know you on a romantic level, they approached, exchanged info, and proceeded to communicate with you in a consistent fashion between outings of various natures.
The most beautiful thing in the world is, of course, the world itself.
If we intend to provide a better life, and a better world, for future generations, we can't ignore the quality of the environment we leave them.
We will all, someday, experience death, and become obsolete as a dead leaf falling from a tree, crushed by passersby to ashes underlying the earth.
Australia has an increasingly multicultural society.
Our ignorance of history causes us to slander our own times.
Time changes everything except something within us which is always surprised by change.
You will encounter misguided people from time to time. That's part of life. The challenge is to educate them when you can, but always to keep your dignity and self-respect and persevere in your personal growth and development.
I feel that film is inevitably the medium of the future. It has been for years, decades, but more so now than ever.
Man was created to praise, reverence, and serve God our Lord and in this way to save his soul. The other things on Earth were created for man's use, to help him reach the end for which he was created.
It is impossible that anything so natural, so necessary, and so universal as death, should ever have been designed by providence as an evil to mankind.
I hope America can also be the cultural leader of the world, and use this frontier spirit to lead and show others that we need courage to go places where we have not gone before.
I find the family the most mysterious and fascinating institution in the world.
They say that what doesn't kill you makes you stronger and I've learnt a great deal, but you can never predict the future, so the best thing is just to do whatever you're asked to do to the best of your ability.
Mayweather has been hit the least out of every world champion in history and that is the art of the sport; to hit and not get hit.
Time and space - time to be alone, space to move about - these may well become the great scarcities of tomorrow.
I did 'Call of Duty Modern Warfare' as Gaz, then I did Ghost in 'Modern Warfare 2,' which has become one of the most iconic figures in the history of computer games.
It sucks being judged by the world instead of your close friends or family. I try to just realise that the only people who matter are my family and friends.
I've had extraordinary good luck with my health, other than a broken elbow.
Hell, madam, is to love no longer.
After the bones mended, my left eye was smaller than my right, and my eyebrow never grew back. But you know what? Big deal. I think I became beautiful after the accident. I became kinder, more aware. I gained respect for other people.
Hope... is the companion of power, and the mother of success; for who so hopes has within him the gift of miracles.
Let your life lightly dance on the edges of Time like dew on the tip of a leaf.
It is right to endure with resignation what the gods send, and to face one's enemies with courage.
Even with me going to prison, it could have put a bad stigma on my name. But you keep going. When people see you in a low situation, when people see you fight, they respect you for it.
There's only one way we're going to change our political climate and ensure we establish some respect in our discourse. And that is to show there is a real price to pay for being a disrespectful partisan idiot.
I just feel like, with growing up and having peer pressure and what society wants you to be and what you think you should do, I feel like it's really important to surround yourself around good, understanding, amazing people that actually love you for you.
I don't really comment on my personal life because I feel like any comment at all is opening up a whole can of worms. I'd just rather not talk about who I'm dating.
You get the health benefits of coffee up through about the first twenty-four ounces. It's the biggest source of antioxidants for Americans, and we think it helps prevent Alzheimer's and Parkinson's as well.
Just don't give up trying to do what you really want to do. Where there is love and inspiration, I don't think you can go wrong.
Teachers need to be more inspirational. But it's also up to engineering to make itself more interesting.
The hypocrisy of some is that we like to think of ourselves as sophisticated and evolved, but we're still also driven by primal urges like greed and power.
To the mind that is still, the whole universe surrenders.
Purposes, plans, and achievements of men may all disappear like yon cloud upon the mountain's summit; but, like the mountain itself, the things which are of God shall stand fast for ever and ever.
I urge you children to be patient with your parents. If they seem to be out of touch on such vital issues as dating, clothing styles, modern music, and use of family cars, listen to them anyway. They have the experience that you lack.
The human brain now holds the key to our future. We have to recall the image of the planet from outer space: a single entity in which air, water, and continents are interconnected. That is our home.
I drank the silence of God from a spring in the woods.
If we created a society based on love, it would be a society without exploitation.
The all-seeing eye of God beheld our deplorable state; infinite pity touched the heart of the Father of mercies; and infinite wisdom laid the plan of our recovery.
Murder is unique in that it abolishes the party it injures, so that society has to take the place of the victim and on his behalf demand atonement or grant forgiveness; it is the one crime in which society has a direct interest.
The way you think, the way you behave, the way you eat, can influence your life by 30 to 50 years.
Hatred will always give birth to more and more hate, and love has the power to demolish the borders between us.
Our records, if you have a dark sense of humor, were funny, but our records weren't about comedy. They were about protests, fantasy, confrontation and all that.
I think at its best the American sense of humor is the same as the British sense of humor at its best, which is to be wry and ironic and self deprecating.
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect.
Cherish your human connections - your relationships with friends and family.
I have held many things in my hands, and I have lost them all; but whatever I have placed in God's hands, that I still possess.
What this power is I cannot say; all I know is that it exists and it becomes available only when a man is in that state of mind in which he knows exactly what he wants and is fully determined not to quit until he finds it.
In 'Thor,' that was my own hair. I grew it out. But I have naturally curly, blonde hair, so I'll never look like that. By the time I got to 'The Avengers,' I had come off two other films, which required me to have it very short. So I dyed it again and it was long enough to use a part of my hairline.
In a disordered mind, as in a disordered body, soundness of health is impossible.
I think people really underestimate the power of just wanting to do it, and hard work, and competitive spirit, and preparation.
We live in a disposable, 'cast-off and throw-away' society that has largely lost any real sense of permanence. Ours is a world of expiration dates, limited shelf life, and planned obsolescence. Nothing is absolute.
Respect for ourselves guides our morals, respect for others guides our manners.
I have these visions of myself being thirty, thirty-five, forty having a family.
My father's death was the most terrible thing that happened to me in my life.
Technological society has succeeded in multiplying the opportunities for pleasure, but it has great difficulty in generating joy.
Stay open-minded; stay focused. Train hard and train smart. For me, the older I get, the smarter I have to train also, because the recovery time is longer. Work on everything: become a well-rounded fighter - don't just be good at one thing; be good at everything.
Our goal of poverty eradication and of inclusive growth that embraces the disadvantaged and marginalized sections of society can be achieved when our actions are guided by a social conscience and are not devoid of sensitivity.
You know, God will give favor to anyone who will believe Him. Every day you should confess that you have favor everywhere you go. God will begin to open doors that you wouldn't believe.
Have the courage to be ignorant of a great number of things, in order to avoid the calamity of being ignorant of everything.
If past history was all there was to the game, the richest people would be librarians.
We need to listen to the views and respect the collective will of our democratic allies. When we believe that international action is necessary, whether military, economic, or diplomatic, we will try to persuade our friends that we are right. But we, in return, must also be willing to be persuaded by them.
Elvis Presley was the big bang. He was the most influential single figure in the history of American pop culture. He changed the way we looked, thought, dressed, held a guitar. He didn't invent rock & roll, but he defined it in a way that everyone who followed him owes him a debt.
We all have our own life to pursue, our own kind of dream to be weaving, and we all have the power to make wishes come true, as long as we keep believing.
A hostility to modernity is shared by ideologies that have nothing else in common - a nostalgia for moral clarity, small-town intimacy, family values, primitive communism, ecological sustainability, communitarian solidarity, or harmonies with the rhythms of nature.
But if each man could have his own house, a large garden to cultivate and healthy surroundings - then, I thought, there will be for them a better opportunity of a happy family life.
I think the humor of double puns is incredible.
I think if you come from a history of persecution you have to develop a sense of humour.
To live without risk for me would be tantamount to death.
Whosoever is delighted in solitude is either a wild beast or a god.
I don't mind being older. I'm proud of my age. I've achieved a lot. It's the same thing with Mick and the Stones. They should be revered and respected. Isn't it strange that now we're living longer we have so much less respect for old age? Perhaps it's a less valuable commodity?
Set your sights high, the higher the better. Expect the most wonderful things to happen, not in the future but right now. Realize that nothing is too good. Allow absolutely nothing to hamper you or hold you up in any way.
I truly do believe that history teaches that weakness arouses evil, and whether it be the horrific attack in France, the inspired attacks here in the United States, the instability in Turkey that led to a coup.
Limited in his nature, infinite in his desire, man is a fallen god who remembers heaven.
One Day At A Time
Of course I believe imaginative architecture can make a difference to people's lives, but I wish it was possible to divert some of the effort we put into ambitious museums and galleries into the basic architectural building blocks of society.
Truth is powerful and it prevails.
The presidents of colleges have to have some courage to step forward. You can't limit alcohol in college sports, you have to get rid of it.
Even death is not to be feared by one who has lived wisely.
It is not enough to understand, or to see clearly. The future will be shaped in the arena of human activity, by those willing to commit their minds and their bodies to the task.
There are two answers to every question - God's answer and everybody else's - and everybody else is wrong when they disagree with him.
It says on the back of the Nyquil box, 'May cause drowsiness.' It should say, 'Don't make any plans, OK? Kiss your family and friends good-bye.'
Brains and a sense of humor trump everything else.
I'm working myself to death.
Politics - I still think it's a bunch of liars and a bunch of self-interest. It's not about the people: it's about themselves and their rise to power. They are voting on things based on whether they will have the support of the people when they vote next time. They don't have the balls to say, 'I believe in this. I don't care what happens.'
To live we must conquer incessantly, we must have the courage to be happy.
We're losing biodiversity globally at an alarming rate, and we need a cornucopia of different plants and animals, for the planet's health and our own.
My books are shelved in different places, depending on the bookstore. Sometimes they can be found in the Mystery section, sometimes in the Humor department, and occasionally even in the Literature aisle, which is somewhat astounding.
Everyone needs a place to live. Everyone needs a place to come home to every night. I don't understand why our society, our government, can think that you can lock a person away for months or years... and then release them back after they pay their debt without any support and expect it to be okay.
Around the age of 14, I was very discouraged from a coach. It was my first youth club team while playing soccer. She told me at the time that I wasn't good enough to play on the team, that I would never get into the game.
Never far from my thoughts are memories of being a little girl in Queens, N.Y., our family of five crowded in a small one-bedroom apartment, struggling to learn English and survive a new life in a new country, America. We humbly and gratefully still recall the kindnesses shown by strangers and neighbors who became new friends.
When God hands you a gift, he also hands you a whip; and the whip is intended for self-flagellation solely.
Sometimes it is said that man cannot be trusted with the government of himself. Can he, then be trusted with the government of others? Or have we found angels in the form of kings to govern him? Let history answer this question.
Even at our birth, death does but stand aside a little. And every day he looks towards us and muses somewhat to himself whether that day or the next he will draw nigh.
I've moved to Australia, to amazing parents who gave me unconditional love, to being educated and submerged in an amazing country and society.
God may forgive your sins, but your nervous system won't.
I say that no man can be greater than the man who bravely and heroically sacrifices his life for the good of others. No man can be greater than the one who meets death face to face, and yet will not shrink from what he believes to be his highest duty.
I tell women who have gone through cancer that healing from it requires receiving care, receiving support, letting friends and family rally around us. It is time to receive.
In much of society, research means to investigate something you do not know or understand.
Poetry is this gorgeous, complex history rendered in verse and song, a blueprint that can lead you back into the world after you've walked into air.
We are here to laugh at the odds and live our lives so well that Death will tremble to take us.
My father was a man of love. He always loved me to death. He worked hard in the fields, but my father never hit me. Never. I don't ever remember a really cross, unkind word from my father.
There's probably more history now preserved underwater than in all the museums of the world combined. And there's no law governing that history. It's finders keepers.
We spend to pretend that we're upper class. And when the dust clears - when bankruptcy hits or a family member bails us out of our stupidity - there's nothing left over. Nothing for the kids' college tuition, no investment to grow our wealth, no rainy-day fund if someone loses her job.
Everybody wants respect. In their own way, three-year-olds would like respect, and acknowledgment, in their terms.
There's nothing wrong with taking yourself out of the dating pool. You don't need to be in a relationship because that's what society expects of you or because your grandmother thinks you need to be married by a certain date. Those days are over. Instead, take a step back and say, 'I'm OK alone.'
I will fight to the last breath, even though my family cowers in terror in the palace.
I feel most alive, most electric with faith, breath, and courage, when I think of God as a current that runs through all that is. Not by will or by choice. Not as a benediction but because there are laws even God must obey.
You leave home to seek your fortune and, when you get it, you go home and share it with your family.
Time is neutral and does not change things. With courage and initiative, leaders change things.
I'd like to see a much more open Monarchy, myself. I used to think they were completely useless and we should get rid of them. I don't necessarily feel that way anymore. I'm still ambivalent, I still loathe the British class system, and the Royal family are the apex of the British class system.
Every day is a gift from God. There's no guarantee of tomorrow, so that tells me to see the good in this day to make the most of it.
You've never seen death? Look in the mirror every day and you will see it like bees working in a glass hive.
My mother takes care of my health. She makes sure that the food cooked is in olive oil. She takes charge of our health also because my dad is a heart patient. So on sets, I do take care of myself. But at home, it's my mother who is the boss of our health!
Most of the good executives do pretty well. Because to be a good executive you have to be strong, and you have to have a simple attribute that people have forgotten about - courage.
All things are lessons that God would have us learn.
I think this society suffers so much from too much freedom, too many rights that allow people to be irresponsible.
The power of protest depends not only on how many turn out, but also on what legislative, judicial, and civil society institutions exist to enact the will of those marching in the streets.
My mother always taught us that if people don't agree with you, the important thing is to listen to them. But if you've listened to them carefully and you still think that you're right, then you must have the courage of your convictions.
When I was growing up, my family was so poor we couldn't afford to pay attention.
I went into boxing, and I'm bisexual, and I still achieved and performed at the highest level, and I came away with gold and made history, so with that said, anything is possible.
I stand before you a totally healthy person.
Sure I believe in God and the Devil, but they don't have to have pitchforks and a long white beard.
People with mental health problems are almost never dangerous. In fact, they are more likely to be the victims than the perpetrators. At the same time, mental illness has been the common denominator in one act of mass violence after another.
I started my blog back in 2009 because every Internet business and marketing seminar I watched at the time told me I had to. I had been trying to get a business started selling dating and life advice and was struggling.
The one thing I learned the most about acting is it takes a tremendous amount of courage to go there and stand still. It takes courage and guts to step out of your mind frame and depict something.
The most inspirational person in my life has been my mother.
Life is not a matter of place, things or comfort; rather, it concerns the basic human rights of family, country, justice and human dignity.
I can't not put humor in a book.
Crime is the price society pays for abandoning character.
Let us never know what old age is. Let us know the happiness time brings, not count the years.
Iwas not a reader at all, not until I discovered 'The Hobbit.' That changed my life. It gave me the courage to read. It led me to the 'Lord of the Rings' series. And once I'd read that, I knew I could read anything because I had just read thousands of pages.
The undertaking of a new action brings new strength.
Although the war in which you fought took place more than half-a-century ago, your courage, your sacrifice and your patriotism reaches through the decades and inspires us today.
Innovation is so hard and so frustrating; it takes the intersections of people with courage, vision, and resources.
The two most powerful warriors are patience and time.
I've looked that old scoundrel death in the eye many times but this time I think he has me on the ropes.
Now U2's not my favorite band, but I do respect them, and in the same way I respect Bowie: They change without fear of change.
Memories have huge staying power, but like dreams, they thrive in the dark, surviving for decades in the deep waters of our minds like shipwrecks on the sea bed.
I'm a big time hunter. I grew up my whole life hunting and providing meat for my family.
I don't understand how somebody wouldn't have a sense of humor about themselves.
Even in the hardest circumstances, dreams can give you the courage to live, and I hope I can share that message with children in need.
We don't do 'dating' in Sweden.
Every man is his own ancestor, and every man is his own heir. He devises his own future, and he inherits his own past.
Think with your whole body.
In so much SF, either gender roles are the ones we're used to in the here and now, only transported to the future, or else they're supposedly different, but characters still are slotting into various stereotypes.
Negotiations are a euphemism for capitulation if the shadow of power is not cast across the bargaining table.
I think there's a right time for everything, and I'm a true believer that everything happens for a reason.
When I started my career, I never looked at myself as one to be inspirational, but as I continued to grow, I've met so many different people who ask, 'How do you do it? You make it look easy.' But it's not easy. I have certain tricks and tips I use every day that have been working for me.
The similarity between my music and The Beatles' music is it has within it a very positive quality. It's woven with humor.
The meetings of the legislature at Springfield then first brought together that splendid group of young men of genius whose phenomenal careers and distinguished services have given Illinois fame in the history of the nation.
History is a relentless master. It has no present, only the past rushing into the future. To try to hold fast is to be swept aside.
In Japanese culture, there is a belief that God is everywhere - in mountains, trees, rocks, even in our sympathy for robots or Hello Kitty toys.
I have made good judgments in the past. I have made good judgments in the future.
A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life.
I don't believe in a heaven or a hell or an old man sitting on a throne. I believe in a higher power bigger than me because that keeps me accountable.
We've seen over time that countries that have the best economic growth are those that have good governance, and good governance comes from freedom of communication. It comes from ending corruption. It comes from a populace that can go online and say, 'This politician is corrupt, this administrator, or this public official is corrupt.'
No trait is more justified than revenge in the right time and place.
Oh, my dating skills are the worst. No, I pick the wrong men; it's amazing. I am awful, the worst dater.
After all, chamber of commerce type conservatives love nothing more than to opine on the great virtues of Texas. The low taxes, the low regulation, delightfully paired with a low investment in education, health care and really anything else that might be of use to their working-class citizens.
No matter how devastating our struggles, disappointments, and troubles are, they are only temporary. No matter what happens to you, no matter the depth of tragedy or pain you face, no matter how death stalks you and your loved ones, the Resurrection promises you a future of immeasurable good.
There are good people who are dealt a bad hand by fate, and bad people who live long, comfortable, privileged lives. A small twist of fate can save or end a life; random chance is a permanent, powerful player in each of our lives, and in human history as well.
Everybody in my family had a real sick, twisted sense of humor. Most of the jokes we make in our house, we would just never even dream of making anywhere else. Just sick, horrible stuff. That wasn't anything new to college.
To say that I could manipulate one of the men who has shown the most courage before the Cuban government, who gets beaten every day, who did a hunger strike that freed political prisoners... I think that's absurd.
Create your future from your future not your past.
Our faith is stronger than death, our philosophy is firmer than flesh, and the spread of the Kingdom of God upon the earth is more sublime and more compelling.
I do not think it is an exaggeration to say history is largely a history of inflation, usually inflations engineered by governments for the gain of governments.
My wife, Lisa, and I both grew up on wuxia - Chinese historical romances. They're kind of analogous to Western epics. They're based on history, just like 'the Iliad' and 'the Odyssey' are based on history, but they're romanticized, and a lot of fantasy elements have been added.
My mother was the center of the family.
Life and death are important. Don't suffer them in vain.
Old age adds to the respect due to virtue, but it takes nothing from the contempt inspired by vice; it whitens only the hair.
When you make that crossover from life to real life, when you're not treated as a child anymore but as a man, and you are no longer given the benefit of the doubt, it takes some courage to face that.
Maybe in the workplace I have more courage than other areas in my life.
I'm not interested in dating. I like being with my own best friend, me. Certain women, particularly older women, cannot believe I like going to a social event by myself. But I do.
Love is a strange emotion. It is ever evolving. Lust is transient. With time, one realizes that love and togetherness are two different things. Very few people are lucky enough to experience the two emotions simultaneously.
A constant stream of 'free' money is a perfect way to keep an inefficient or simply bad government in power. As aid flows in, there is nothing more for the government to do - it doesn't need to raise taxes, and as long as it pays the army, it doesn't have to take account of its disgruntled citizens.
Absolute silence leads to sadness. It is the image of death.
When you have a dream, you've got to grab it and never let go.
The time is always right to do what is right.
Love, friendship and respect do not unite people as much as a common hatred for something.
Some people see things that are and ask, Why? Some people dream of things that never were and ask, Why not? Some people have to go to work and don't have time for all that.
A sense of humor... is needed armor. Joy in one's heart and some laughter on one's lips is a sign that the person down deep has a pretty good grasp of life.
Good health and safety really matters - we need to protect people against death and serious injury in the workplace.
My business is to prevent the future.
The more laws that governments pass, the less individual freedom there is. Any student of history will tell you that. Totalitarian countries ban pretty much everything.
I will take every match seriously and respect every opponent.
I come from a family of teasers myself. My grandfather was from Liverpool, and he had a dry sense of humor, and he would tease us terribly. My brother Beau was so skilled in his teasing that he could get a rise out of me by simply pointing at me.
Man proposes, but God disposes.
Time is the father of truth, its mother is our mind.
There is something really horrific for any human being who feels he is being consumed by other people. I'm talking about a writer's critics, who don't address what you've written, but want to probe into your existence and magnify the trivia of your life without any sense of humor, without any sense of context.
Give a man health and a course to steer, and he'll never stop to trouble about whether he's happy or not.
Faith is love taking the form of aspiration.
The future enters into us, in order to transform itself in us, long before it happens.
If you say John Smith is the greatest wrestler in Oklahoma history, now that's big.
Every time I say 'no' to a small temptation, I strengthen my will to say 'no' to a greater one.
I came from a hard, working-class world which, since my mother's death, had been dominated by men. I hadn't been encouraged to talk about the burden of grief, and because I was severely underdeveloped when it came to sharing my emotions, I mustn't have been the most communicative husband.
If Copenhagen were a person, that person would be generous, beautiful, elderly, but with a flair. A human being that has certain propensities for quarrelling, filled with imagination and with appetite for the new and with respect for the old - somebody who takes good care of things and of people.
The wisdom and experience of older people is a resource of inestimable worth. Recognizing and treasuring the contributions of older people is essential to the long-term flourishing of any society.
The quarterback is the most vulnerable one on the field. He's in an awkward position a lot of times when he throws the ball. So he does have to be protected. You lose a quarterback, you're in trouble. I don't know if they can make it too safe. I think health becomes an issue.
Regard your soldiers as your children, and they will follow you into the deepest valleys; look on them as your own beloved sons, and they will stand by you even unto death.
Dictators fall when they're overconfident; they stay in power when they're paranoid.
A woman has the right to choose her reproductive health care.
Fear of death has been the greatest ally of tyranny past and present.
Dance is a universal language, and whether you know how to dance or grew up training in dance, you have a respect for people who love to dance, and it's also visually very entertaining to watch a great dancer.
The respect and protection of woman and of maternity should be raised to the position of an inalienable social duty and should become one of the principles of human morality.
The best marriages are the ones where we can go out in the world and really put ourselves out there. A lot of times we'll fail, and sometimes we'll pull it off. But good marriages are when you can go home and know that your vulnerability will be honored as courage, and that you'll find support.
We must use time creatively.
Courage can't see around corners but goes around them anyway.
I'm friends with a lot of my exes, but it took time. We didn't just get into it. I don't think you can be friends until you're cool with them dating someone else. That's when you know.
I want to thank the Academy for its courage and generosity.
The brave men die in war. It takes great luck or judgment not to be killed. Once, at least, the head has to bow and the knee has to bend to danger. The soldiers who march back under the triumphal arches are death's deserters.
In fact, my courage and my bravery at a young age was the thing I was bullied for, a kind of 'Who do you think you are?'
Why should we not form a secret society with but one object, the furtherance of the British Empire and the bringing of the whole world under British rule, for the recovery of the United States, for making the Anglo Saxon race but one Empire? What a dream, but yet it is probable; it is possible.
On neither the sun, nor death, can a man look fixedly.
I love to eat. If I could eat everything in the world and still be healthy or wouldn't catch a heart attack or stroke, I'd eat everything. I just can't. So I got to watch my health and take care of my family.
The term 'alpha female' originated in my field of animal behavior, but has acquired new meaning. It refers to women who are in charge, for example, by flirting and dating on their own terms. It is also used maliciously for a loud-mouthed, controlling woman who has no patience with deviating opinions.
God's delays are not God's denials.
Fantasy is usually considered an escape, but it's also a way to deal with weighty real-world issues from a safe distance and in a context where you usually have some kind of power that you don't have in real life.
In the night of death, hope sees a star, and listening love can hear the rustle of a wing.
I think a lot of people have lost respect for the individual, you know, the individual, the person who doesn't conform.
'All in With Laila Ali' is educational, inspirational, compelling programming profiling individuals that have reached for the sky, pushed themselves to the limit and did things that you would think were impossible.
As mayor, I used to always feel the important thing is that people respect me, not love me - but it is really much nicer when they love you, too. I'm going to try to keep it that way.
Rosewater & Glycerin spray is amazing as a mist. I get it at health food stores. It smells good and is really hydrating.
It is true that one cannot always win, but one must keep working and have faith that in the future, the situation will improve.
Water is life, and clean water means health.
When you start dating another country star, the first question is, 'When are y'all gonna do a duet?' And what sucks about that is people expect you to do it whether you want to or not.
Humor helps ease the tension of race and the differences in society. If there wasn't comedy I don't know if Obama could have ever become president.
God, as Truth, has been for me a treasure beyond price. May He be so to every one of us.
I hope it is true that a man can die and yet not only live in others but give them life, and not only life, but that great consciousness of life.
A life lesson for me is, how do you muster the courage to take on a new risk? Whether it's starting up a business or taking on a new project or expedition. I think the risks that we take are all relative to the risk-taker.
I'm the girl who - I call it girl-next-door-itis - the hot guy is friends with and gets all his relationship advice from but never considers dating.
We have not the time to take our time.
History repeats itself. Historians repeat each other.
Death is not the worst that can happen to men.
As I came to power peacefully, so shall I keep it.
Just be yourself, and enjoy the blessings that God's borne out on you.
The Arctic is a place that historically, during all preceding human history, has largely been an icy realm with an impact on ocean currents. That, in turn, influences the temperature of the planet. The Arctic is now vulnerable because of the excess carbon dioxide in the atmosphere, with a rate of melting that is stunning.
The Universal Zulu Nation stands to acknowledge wisdom, understanding, freedom, justice, and equality, peace, unity, love, and having fun, work, overcoming the negative through the positive, science, mathematics, faith, facts, and the wonders of God, whether we call him Allah, Jehovah, Yahweh, or Jah.
In times like these, it helps to recall that there have always been times like these.
Have regular hours for work and play; make each day both useful and pleasant, and prove that you understand the worth of time by employing it well. Then youth will be delightful, old age will bring few regrets, and life will become a beautiful success.
Public health and safety are my highest priorities.
We must believe in the power of education. We must respect just laws. We must love ourselves, our old and or young, our women as well as our men.
You take a number of small steps which you believe are right, thinking maybe tomorrow somebody will treat this as a dangerous provocation. And then you wait. If there is no reaction, you take another step: courage is only an accumulation of small steps.
You have to fight for your marriage, do whatever it takes. The commitment has to be there. And if you don't have a sense of humor, I don't know how anybody makes it.
I am what I am, I'm doing very well in my life, and I'm thankful to God for that.
It's time to listen to the stories of the Indigenous; we are blessed as a country to look to the wisdom of a really old country.
I once wrote a book on courage and what made people courageous. I found it was a strength of belief matched by a strength of willpower.
It's inspirational to see someone who is dying smile.
We are all racing towards death. No matter how many great, intellectual conclusions we draw during our lives, we know they're all only man-made, like God. I begin to wonder where it all leads. What can you do, except do what you can do as best you know how.
On the recollection of so many and great favours and blessings, I now, with a high sense of gratitude, presume to offer up my sincere thanks to the Almighty, the Creator and Preserver.
I think God made this very path for me, and he guided me all throughout. And my family has always been very supportive. It's not like one day I sat across the dinner table and told them I want to be an actor. It didn't happen like that.
Learning how to be still, to really be still and let life happen - that stillness becomes a radiance.
God is looking for people to use, and if you can get usable, he will wear you out. The most dangerous prayer you can pray is this: 'Use me.'
A free society is a society where it is safe to be unpopular.
It's hard to understand a moment in history when you are in it.
We should aim for every workplace to be a place which encourages good mental health.
I learned that Congress is a place with more heart than courage; there are more good souls in Washington than brave ones. I learned that the whole is not always the sum of its parts: that what you put in doesn't always match what you get out.
I don't have a ton of friends, but the friends I have are great ones. I don't have huge family, but the family I have is a great one.
It's always funny until someone gets hurt. Then it's just hilarious.
The thing to do, it seems to me, is to prepare yourself so you can be a rainbow in somebody else's cloud. Somebody who may not look like you. May not call God the same name you call God - if they call God at all. I may not dance your dances or speak your language. But be a blessing to somebody. That's what I think.
You hit a wall at some stage when you don't want it so bad, but you don't know when that's going to be - as far as competition or as far as health is concerned. Sometimes it's just natural. You just taste it, and you want it so bad that you find other gears.
Jazz can be so serious, no sense of humor.
I'm not afraid of death, but I resent it. I think it's unfair and irritating.
The people, when they say 'Death to America!' - do you know what they are really saying? What they mean to say relates to the aggressive policies of the U.S. and intervention and meddling by the U.S.
I think it's great that you have inspirational female roles, that it's not just the pretty girl on the arm of a man.
Optimism is essential to achievement and it is also the foundation of courage and true progress.
It's tough to be 68 and dating. I've given it up now.
Death can never kill an idea. Ideas are more powerful than death. Ideas outlive men and can never be destroyed.
Whoever wants peace among nations must seek to limit the state and its influence most strictly.
Poor eating habits developed at an early age lead to a lifetime of real health consequences.
It is justice and respect that I want the world to dust off and put - without delay, and with tenderness - back on the head of the Palestinian child. It will be imperfect justice and respect because the injustice and disrespect have been so severe. But I believe we are right to try.
We're living in extraordinary times, all the time. The issues that assail us are perennial. They haven't changed since the Greeks picked up a pen.
Mentors of mine were under a big pressure to minimize their femininity to make it. I'm not going to do that. That takes away my power. I'm not going to compromise who I am.
Like the average American that I hang out with, and like my father before me, I raised all my children to respect tools and use them wisely and safely.
I love fairy tales because of their haunting beauty and magical strangeness. They are set in worlds where anything can happen. Frogs can be kings, a thicket of brambles can hide a castle where a royal court has lain asleep for a hundred years, a boy can outwit a giant, and a girl can break a curse with nothing but her courage and steadfastness.
Look at Jay-Z and Beyonce. Everybody knew Jay and Beyonce were dating. They were sitting around at award shows together like they weren't together for a while before they came out and said whatever. But your life doesn't always have to be exposed. There are a lot of people whose personal lives aren't exposed.
I lead a simple life. I get residuals. I have a family; we're doing alright.
We humans are still a very primitive culture, and it's one of the traps we've fallen into over the course of our lives - to forget our history. That's why George Orwell's 'Animal Farm' is so profound. It chronicles our short memory.
Empowering women with better education, being sensitive towards their wellbeing, health, happiness, ensuring equal opportunities, and respecting their rights will go a long way in transforming Pakistan.
I love that feeling you get once you leave a cinema having just watched a movie during the day. Your eyes slowly adjust to the natural light, and your mind, being a little slower, takes its time to separate the images of film from the reality you are suddenly facing.
We can do little things for God; I turn the cake that is frying on the pan for love of him, and that done, if there is nothing else to call me, I prostrate myself in worship before him, who has given me grace to work; afterwards I rise happier than a king.
I always laugh and say I met God on the way up, and I got to know him on the way down. And so, as I'm crashing and losing everything, a lot of people run to God when they are struggling. And I was no exception.
The price of every thing rises and falls from time to time and place to place; and with every such change the purchasing power of money changes so far as that thing goes.
Creativity has always depended on openness and flexibility, so let us hope for more of both in the future.
We're scared to death to try new things because we think we have to get it right the first time.
My parents loved each other. I was raised in a house of total love and respect. My dad worked very hard and my mother was incredibly devoted to him. I can unequivocally, without any peradventure of doubt, tell you that I was raised with the kind of love that we only dream of.
No matter how busy I am, I find time for dance.
An intelligent man is sometimes forced to be drunk to spend time with his fools.
'Dating Game' wasn't social commentary, political analysis, Shakespearean-level drama or even blunt-force comedy. It was just the televised equivalent of meeting someone at a bar. But it appealed to our most basic Darwinian instinct: selecting a good mate. You can't go wrong when a show's premise is hard-wired into human DNA.
I always had a philosophy which I got from my father. He used to say, 'Listen. God gave to you the gift to play football. This is your gift from God. If you take care of your health, if you are in good shape all the time, with your gift from God no one will stop you, but you must be prepared.'
The one thing I regret is that I will never have time to read all the books I want to read.
Oh, yeah, I did the online dating thing. I did Nerve, I did Match. On Nerve there was this one guy who, when I asked him what he did for a living, said he 'used to be in a band.' I was like, 'That is not an occupation.'
I am not made for politics because I am incapable of wanting or accepting the death of the adversary.
One of the marks of a gift is to have the courage of it.
An armed society is a polite society. Manners are good when one may have to back up his acts with his life.
Decision is a risk rooted in the courage of being free.
I'm not denyin' the women are foolish. God Almighty made 'em to match the men.
Sometimes we are separated by differences, and sometimes we are united by common ideals of respect and compassion.
I never did video dating.
Look for me in the nurseries of Heaven.
Happiness, true happiness, is an inner quality. It is a state of mind. If your mind is at peace, you are happy. If your mind is at peace, but you have nothing else, you can be happy. If you have everything the world can give - pleasure, possessions, power - but lack peace of mind, you can never be happy.
It's the Power of the Almighty, the Splendor of Nature, and then you.
When someone you have a lot of respect for believes in you, it helps you believe in yourself.
Sooner and later you will see great changes made, dreadful horrors and vengeances. For as the Moon is thus led by its angel, the heavens draw near to the Balance.
Do not leave yourself or your family unprotected against financial storms... Build up savings.
The phenomenon develops calmly, but it is invisible, unstoppable. One feels, one sees it born and grow steadily; and it is not in one's power to either hasten or slow it down.
May the God of your choice bless and keep you. I respect Him as long as He does not circumcise me anymore.
Violence is always the last option, but if that time comes, it is the ONLY option.
The only wealth in this world is children, more than all the money, power on earth.
The role of culture is that it's the form through which we as a society reflect on who we are, where we've been, where we hope to be.
The secret to happiness is freedom... And the secret to freedom is courage.
Science is the key to our future, and if you don't believe in science, then you're holding everybody back.
At what point then is the approach of danger to be expected? I answer, if it ever reach us, it must spring up amongst us. It cannot come from abroad. If destruction be our lot, we must ourselves be its author and finisher. As a nation of freemen, we must live through all time, or die by suicide.
For the sake of our health, our children and grandchildren and even our economic well-being, we must make protecting the planet our top priority.
Freedom. And Justice. If you have those two, it covers everything. You must stick to those principles and have the courage of your convictions.
With his trademark courage and conviction, President Reagan led us out of the Cold War, spreading his vision of freedom, resulting in the release of millions of people from the yoke of communism.
New Age values are conscious evolution, a non-sectarian society, a non-military culture, global sharing, healing the environment, sustainable economies, self-determination, social justice, economic empowerment of the poor, love, compassion in action, going beyond religious fundamentalism, going beyond nationalism-extreme nationalism, culture.
There's such an odd, eclectic group of people that make up the town of Plymouth, New Hampshire. I don't think I could avoid not coming out of there with a pretty good sense of humor.
This is what we call smart power. Using every possible tool and partner to advance peace and security. Leaving no one on the sidelines. Showing respect even for one's enemies. Trying to understand, in so far as psychologically possible, empathize with their perspective and point of view. Helping to define the problems, determine the solutions.
A car isn't a classic just because it's old. To be a classic, a car has to tell us something of its time.
There's a reason why the Foo Fighters don't blast out Nirvana songs every night: because we have a lot of respect for them. You know, that's hallowed ground. We have to be careful. We have to tread lightly. We have talked about it before, but the opportunity hasn't really come up, or it just hasn't felt right.
He who wishes to be obeyed must know how to command.
Everyone can relate to love, hurt, pain, learning how to forgive, needing to get over, needing the power of God in their life.
Infinite power just isn't very interesting, no matter what game you're playing. It's much more fun when you have a limited tool set to use against the odds.
Our nation's founding fathers carefully crafted a Bill of Rights - an articulation of personal liberties woven into the entire fabric of our free society. When any of those freedoms are threatened anywhere, they must be defended and protected everywhere.
I'm not dating anyone until I get my career where I want it to be.
It is a strange desire, to seek power, and to lose liberty; or to seek power over others, and to lose power over a man's self.
In my family, only my brother has a similar skin color. But in Senegal, the color is common.
Family and moral values are so central to everything that I am.
As society becomes more and more complex, cheating will in many ways become progressively easier and easier to do and harder to police or even understand.
To people who remember JFK's assassination, JFK Jr. will probably always be that boy saluting his father's coffin.
When I started 'DailyGrace,' I was dating a 26-year-old guy I thought was the funniest person in the world. My creation process every day was imagining him watching my videos and wondering, 'Will he laugh at this?' But somehow that's turned into an audience that's mostly 15-year-old girls.
I love inspirational R&B, like Mary J. Blige and Jennifer Hudson. I want to do that. That kind of music stays with you.
Perhaps the surest test of an individual's integrity is his refusal to do or say anything that would damage his self-respect.
The power I exert on the court depends on the power of my arguments, not on my gender.
Courage is fear holding on a minute longer.
Shrinking away from death is something unhealthy and abnormal which robs the second half of life of its purpose.
Death is not more certainly a separation of our souls from our bodies than the Christian life is a separation of our souls from worldly tempers, vain indulgences, and unnecessary cares.
All the evidence that we have indicates that it is reasonable to assume in practically every human being, and certainly in almost every newborn baby, that there is an active will toward health, an impulse towards growth, or towards the actualization.
I had older brothers and sisters who were high achievers, and I felt different, misunderstood by my family. That's not my family's fault; it was my perception.
I hail from a middle class educated family and now that God is kind to me by giving me enough money, I want to share it with others.
Love is never defeated, and I could add, the history of Ireland proves it.
I think I have always had a little humor.
Who would want to get back together with Taylor Swift after having dated her? I'm sure dating her is like talking to a white sheet of paper with a little bit of vanilla ice cream on it that doesn't say anything.
Whenever death may surprise us, let it be welcome if our battle cry has reached even one receptive ear and another hand reaches out to take up our arms.
I hate dates. It becomes a weird auditioning process. And I've never had normal dating.
If you read history you will find that the Christians who did most for the present world were precisely those who thought most of the next. It is since Christians have largely ceased to think of the other world that they have become so ineffective in this.
September 11, 2001, revealed heroism in ordinary people who might have gone through their lives never called upon to demonstrate the extent of their courage.
God made the world round so we would never be able to see too far down the road.
Obviously, I'm going to be embarrassing to the kid. There's just no way not. I just hope the kid has a really good sense of humor... My husband's very serious - he doesn't find me funny at all - so I'm hoping the kid is like, 'Mom is hilarious!' That'd be really great.
I've never been speed dating! I sort of wish I had, just for the experience of it.
In my experience with women that I've dated and my wife now, is you have to know what they care about. And even if you aren't a huge fan of it, you still have to have interest in it and it has to be genuine because women do it for men all the time.
But if you read Jane Austen, you know that she had a wicked sense of humor. Not only was she funny, but her early writing was very dark and had a gothic tone to it.
A single sunbeam is enough to drive away many shadows.
While it is true that Frank had a great sense of humor, he was also very serious about composing music. In reality there are only a handful of skilled players who can play his most complex pieces. It takes a lot of patience to learn and requires a fantastic memory.
I'm surrounded by great friends and family. I don't know what I would do without them.
Censorship is saying: 'I'm the one who says the last sentence. Whatever you say, the conclusion is mine.' But the internet is like a tree that is growing. The people will always have the last word - even if someone has a very weak, quiet voice. Such power will collapse because of a whisper.
We don't develop courage by being happy every day. We develop it by surviving difficult times and challenging adversity.
I've said all along that God is in control.
When death comes it is never our tenderness that we repent from, but our severity.
A God of fire is the only one there is. Our God is not like an iceberg but like a forest fire. He is never compared to the moon with its cool glow but rather to the sun, radiating warmth. He dwells in the light of the rising sun. Whatever he does shines brightly and is carried out with burning desire and a blazing purpose.
The devil has put a penalty on all things we enjoy in life. Either we suffer in health or we suffer in soul or we get fat.
Death is acceptable only if it represents the physically necessary passage toward a union, the condition of a metamorphosis.
I think the word respect is underrated.
The amount of eccentricity in a society has generally been proportional to the amount of genius, mental vigor, and moral courage it contained. That so few now dare to be eccentric marks the chief danger of the time.
If we could give every individual the right amount of nourishment and exercise, not too little and not too much, we would have found the safest way to health.
Looking up and out, how can we not respect this ever-vigilant cognizance that distinguishes us: the capability to envision, to dream, and to invent? the ability to ponder ourselves? and be aware of our existence on the outer arm of a spiral galaxy in an immeasurable ocean of stars? Cognizance is our crest.
Do the thing you fear most and the death of fear is certain.
I'm always thinking about creating. My future starts when I wake up every morning... Every day I find something creative to do with my life.
If we do a little bit of insight into history, how many times have there been people doing hate discourse, blaming everything on a certain group of people. That really is the genesis of genocide, where it kind of sparks.
Growth hacking is the future of marketing. It has to be.
Our imagination is the only limit to what we can hope to have in the future.
A great time in my life was being totally single and actively not dating. Just saying, 'I'm gonna not be in a relationship. I'm gonna not date.' That was a super fun, awesome time.
Lose not yourself in a far off time, seize the moment that is thine.
The future is like heaven, everyone exalts it, but no one wants to go there now.
That which is so universal as death must be a benefit.
The new republic should be based on diversity, respect and equal rights for all.
I think as long as you wear your imperfections on your sleeve, people respect it more.
Love is a fruit in season at all times, and within reach of every hand.
The debt-ceiling vote isn't about what will be done in the future; it is about the integrity of America's commitment to support the bonds we issue. Elected officials have an obligation to maintain that integrity, regardless of whether they voted for the programs that required the borrowing in the first place.
With success comes responsibility of playing your part, to do what you can to help not only those that helped you get to where you're at, but the future of who's going to be playing a part of your business and everything you do in your entire career.
Literature isn't a moral beauty contest. Its power arises from the authority and audacity with which the impersonation is pulled off; the belief it inspires is what counts.
Neither the life of an individual nor the history of a society can be understood without understanding both.
Fling but a stone, the giant dies.
I remember I took a music course in junior year of high school, and some girl brought in 'Teardrops On My Guitar,' and she was like, 'Isn't this song great?' And everyone was like, 'Who's Taylor Swift?' And now, every time I listen to Taylor Swift, I remember that moment.
I just really love doing what I do. I know every career is fleeting and there will be time periods when I don't get the opportunities that I'm getting right now, so I am taking advantage of them.
To achieve the mood of a warrior is not a simple matter. It is a revolution. To regard the lion and the water rats and our fellow men as equals is a magnificent act of a warrior's spirit. It takes power to do that.
The Holocaust illustrates the consequences of prejudice, racism and stereotyping on a society. It forces us to examine the responsibilities of citizenship and confront the powerful ramifications of indifference and inaction.
History has always been a series of pendulum swings, but the individual doesn't have to get caught in that.
The fact that Manti Te'o thought for a long time that he was dating, like, a fake girl and then that she died and did the tribute and the girl never existed. I mean inherently that's funny.
It's a question of whether we're going to go forward into the future, or past to the back.
The only way I could get comfortable around people was to make them laugh. I was an obedient girl, and humor was my one form of rebellion. I used comedy to deflect. Like, 'Hey, check out my zit!' - you know, making fun of yourself before someone else has a chance to.
Kind words are the music of the world. They have a power which seems to be beyond natural causes, as if they were some angel's song, which had lost its way and come on Earth, and sang on undyingly, smiting the hearts of men with sweetest wounds, and putting for the while an angel's nature into us.
I respect those who openly advocate for unlimited immigration to the United States. Open borders is an intellectually coherent, defensible position.
What makes the desert beautiful is that somewhere it hides a well.
Let us not be bitter about the past, but let us keep our eyes firmly on the future.
I have a hat. It is graceful and feminine and give me a certain dignity, as if I were attending a state funeral or something. Someday I may get up enough courage to wear it, instead of carrying it.
Besides entertainment and action, I want to educate. You know, as a producer or director, we do have a responsibility to society.
We now enter a new age of American history, and the question to be answered is this: Will we restore the republic our forefathers created, or will we allow it to be annihilated by those who hate America, its history, and all it stands for?
Not one has shown an iota of fear of death. They want to end this agony.
It's not just Bin Laden or just those that are involved in the counterterrorism effort. We've gotta cast the net broader than that. But I think it's a - very special tribute that we all owe to the bravery and courage of the men and women in the intelligence and military business who performed so well to finally get it done.
A timid person is frightened before a danger, a coward during the time, and a courageous person afterward.
Time and health are two precious assets that we don't recognize and appreciate until they have been depleted.
I have always stood up to protect women's access to safe and legal abortion, birth control and health care at Planned Parenthood.
Death is pitch-dark, but colors are light. To be a painter, one must work with rays of light.
The courage of a soldier is heightened by his knowledge of his profession.
Insult is powerful. Insult begets both rage and humor and often at the same time.
There is always the danger that we may just do the work for the sake of the work. This is where the respect and the love and the devotion come in - that we do it to God, to Christ, and that's why we try to do it as beautifully as possible.
In my opinion, further consideration of those views will help us find a way out of the current impasse, and reveal to us the kinds of buildings and cities required by the informational society.
Dating has never been something I've done. It's never been a part of my life.
I'm one of these people who couldn't imagine the future. The future never occurred to me. I just loved life every day.
Love never dies a natural death. It dies because we don't know how to replenish its source. It dies of blindness and errors and betrayals. It dies of illness and wounds; it dies of weariness, of witherings, of tarnishings.
It's difficult dating as an actor because your free time is precious. The guy I end up with someday is going to have to love traveling.
Since the day of my birth, my death began its walk. It is walking toward me, without hurrying.
In 2008, I was one of millions united for hope and change. As 2010 dawns, change looks to me like more of the same. Instead of peace, we got more war. Instead of health care reform, we have an industry win that requires Americans to buy health insurance without any real cost controls.
Nipsey could respect the fact that I was who I was - I was never trying to be anything that I wasn't.
In the past a leader was a boss. Today's leaders must be partners with their people... they no longer can lead solely based on positional power.
At the time of his death, John Kennedy had a national security establishment that was a writhing ball of snakes.
I try to cope with everything through humor.
There's many women now who think, 'Surely we don't need feminism anymore, we're all liberated and society's accepting us as we are'. Which is just hogwash. It's not true at all.
Now that I've got some films under my belt, I have the courage of my convictions regarding acting. It gives me a leg to stand on.
The thing women have yet to learn is nobody gives you power. You just take it.
Saving faith is an immediate relation to Christ, accepting, receiving, resting upon Him alone, for justification, sanctification, and eternal life by virtue of God's grace.
The pillars of truth and the pillars of freedom - they are the pillars of society.
One is still what one is going to cease to be and already what one is going to become. One lives one's death, one dies one's life.
Music has the power to bring people together like no other art form.
Prefer a loss to a dishonest gain; the one brings pain at the moment, the other for all time.
You must never underestimate the power of the eyebrow.
We have food deserts in our cities. We know that the distance you live from a supplier of fresh produce is one of the best predictors of your health. And in the inner city, people don't have grocery stores. So we have to figure out a way of getting supermarkets and farmers markets into the inner cities.
If everything is God's will, then so is the invention of the vaccine, just like the seatbelt.
We're a diverse society, and I think the TV is doing a great job in showing that we're all human beings, that we can all get along, that we can all be together, and I think that's a marvelous thing.
If absolute power corrupts absolutely, does absolute powerlessness make you pure?
Pick the day. Enjoy it - to the hilt. The day as it comes. People as they come... The past, I think, has helped me appreciate the present - and I don't want to spoil any of it by fretting about the future.
The biggest ethical challenge AI is facing is jobs. You have to reskill your workforce not just to create a wealthier society but a fairer one. A lot of call centre jobs will go away, and a radiologist's job will be transformed.
Every American, regardless of their background, has the right to live free of unwarranted government intrusion. Repealing the worst provisions of the Patriot Act will reign in this gross abuse of power and restore to everyone our basic Constitutional rights.
I don't have to look up my family tree, because I know that I'm the sap.
Nobody with an IQ higher than emergency-room temperature could ever believe that 'death panels' would be appointed to nudge the elderly toward euthanasia. Yet for idle entertainment, it's hard to beat Sarah Palin's ignorant nattering on the subject.
An elite class that is free to operate without limits - whether limits imposed by the rule of law or fear of the responses from those harmed by their behavior - is an elite class that will plunder, degrade, and cheat at will, and act endlessly to fortify its own power.
Ocean is more ancient than the mountains, and freighted with the memories and the dreams of Time.
Death, so called, is a thing which makes men weep, And yet a third of life is passed in sleep.
When you really believe in God, it gives you a courage, a confidence that enables you to meet the things coming.
I don't have time for hobbies. At the end of the day, I treat my job as a hobby. It's something I love doing.
Love is anterior to life, posterior to death, initial of creation, and the exponent of breath.
I don't come from a rich family - it's not like we lived in a cardboard box, but we didn't have a ton of money.
I think back to when I was in high school, to 17-year old Daria, who was dating guys and thought that that was the only way of life. I was very confused, and it was definitely manifesting itself in other parts of my life that were unhealthy.
Our Founding Fathers crafted a constitutional Republic for the first time in the history of the world because they were shaping a form of government that would not have the failures of a democracy in it, but had the representation of democracy in it.
I am very conscious of who I am as an artist and as an inspirational person.
He was a wise man who originated the idea of God.
If we don't empower families to be able to have a quality education, then their children - for the first time in American history, truly the first time - will not have the same economic opportunities.
If people get their feelings hurt from jokes, then they are too delicate to be in society.
God Bless my mother and father for all the hard work they've done for our family.
My humor is a lot like Kristen Wiig's from 'Saturday Night Live' or 'Bridesmaids.' Quirky, off the beaten path.
A dark cloud is no sign that the sun has lost his light; and dark black convictions are no arguments that God has laid aside His mercy.
I look to the future because that's where I'm going to spend the rest of my life.
No, I am not a homosexual. If I were a homosexual, I would hope I would have the courage to say so. What's cruel is that you are forcing me to say I am not a homosexual. This means you are putting homosexuals down. I don't want to do that.
You can't walk alone. Many have given the illusion, but none have really walked alone. Man is not made that way. Each man is bedded in his people, their history, their culture, and their values.
God preordained, for his own glory and the display of His attributes of mercy and justice, a part of the human race, without any merit of their own, to eternal salvation, and another part, in just punishment of their sin, to eternal damnation.
Lesbian humor isn't trying to sell anything, it doesn't have to sell out. Coming out as a lesbian onstage is still a very political act; if it weren't, more women would do it.
Me and Matt love to argue, but in general our sense of humor is pretty much alike.
Electric cars are the future.
Death is such a strange thing. One minute you're here and then just gone. You'd think there would be an anteroom, a place where you could be visited before you go.
My mom has made it possible for me to be who I am. Our family is everything. Her greatest skill was encouraging me to find my own person and own independence.
Follow your bliss and the universe will open doors where there were only walls.
All my freakouts have been pretty private and directed at family pets and/or people I have been dating for too short a time to freak out at in that way.
There's no such thing as quality time; there's only quantity time.
I'm at a stage in my life when I want a wife and a family.
The past cannot be cured.
What strikes me is the fact that in our society, art has become something which is only related to objects, and not to individuals, or to life.
I was 17 the first time I set foot in a classroom, but 10 years later, I would graduate from Cambridge with a Ph.D. 'Educated' is the story of how I came by my education. It is also the story of how I lost my family.
When I work, and in my art, I hold hands with God.
A champion is someone who gets up when he can't.
Society is completely unreasonable. People want everything and want to pay for nothing. They panic if they think about their taxes being raised, but if their garbage collection is a day late they scream and yell.
To provide meaningful architecture is not to parody history but to articulate it.
Creativity requires the courage to let go of certainties.
Cherish your visions and your dreams as they are the children of your soul, the blueprints of your ultimate achievements.
Suffering passes, while love is eternal. That's a gift that you have received from God. Don't waste it.
I think the very simplest way to show Superman's power is to have him punch someone that's powerful.
Be a warrior when it comes to delivering on your ambitions. And a saint when it comes to treating people with respect, modeling generosity, and showing up with outright love.
My dream is to be World Lightweight Champion in the UFC. Have more money than I know what to do with. And have a great life for my kids, grandkids, and everyone in my family.
When you're in the battlefield, survival is all there is. Death is the only great emotion.
The 2003 invasion of Iraq by U.S. and coalition partners stands as one of the greatest blunders in American history. The Islamic State, also known as ISIL or ISIS, rose out of the the chaos, throwing the region into turmoil that hasn't been equaled since the fall of the Ottoman Empire.
I'm not a fighter, but I would love to be a boxer because I love the courage and toughness. I mean, there can be nothing more terrifying than walking into an arena and looking at Mike Tyson in the ring.
I don't know the first real thing about the dating game. I don't know how to talk to a specific person and connect. I just think you have to go to person by person and do the best you can with people in general.
To be completely woman you need a master, and in him a compass for your life. You need a man you can look up to and respect. If you dethrone him it's no wonder that you are discontented, and discontented women are not loved for long.
The important thing for the survival of the Thai society is that the majority of those who work, both in the government and the private sector, still strive to work in the same direction; this is why the Thai nation still stands.
When Bill Clinton ran in '92, and I listened to him, and I had of course known of his record from Arkansas, I found him extraordinarily inspirational, and I voted Democratic.
My boyfriend and I are not good at fighting. We're better than we were when we started dating - two breakups and three years ago - but it's never come naturally to either of us. I have often wished we fought like I imagine Pink and Carey Hart fight.
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
The lesson of 9/11 is that America is truly exceptional. We withstood the worst attack of our history, intended by our enemies to destroy us. Instead, it drew us closer and made us more united. Our love for freedom and one another has given us a strength that surprised even ourselves.
History takes time. History makes memory.
I believe the biggest challenge is just getting the courage to try something different or new. Try to forget the stereotype in your mind. Yoga is for everyone - children, athletes, moms, dads, accountants, truck drivers, even country stars.
I pray they will carry on in spite of that dreadful monster prejudice, and with patience, courage, fortitude and perseverance achieve success for themselves.
For, behind the scenes, halfway around the world in Mexico, were two decades of aggressive research on wheat that not only enabled Mexico to become self-sufficient with respect to wheat production but also paved the way to rapid increase in its production in other countries.
There's nothing I value more than the closeness of friends and family, a smile as I pass someone on the street.
I keep up with everything in terms of health, fitness, nutrition, skin care, hair, nails. Really, everything. I'm an avid reader of every women's health newsletter from every hospital in the country.
History is a tool used by politicians to justify their intentions.
The aims of life are the best defense against death.
In West Delhi I lived a very Punjabi way of life; I have always loved its gregariousness, courage, fun, drama and day-to-day joy of living and celebrating.
Any man who has $10,000 left when he dies is a failure.
Since our society equates happiness with youth, we often assume that sorrow, quiet desperation, and hopelessness go hand in hand with getting older. They don't. Emotional pain or numbness are symptoms of living the wrong life, not a long life.
We should regret our mistakes and learn from them, but never carry them forward into the future with us.
If you are going to write, say, fantasy - stop reading fantasy. You've already read too much. Read other things; read westerns, read history, read anything that seems interesting, because if you only read fantasy and then you start to write fantasy, all you're going to do is recycle the same old stuff and move it around a bit.
Whatever God has given me, I feel blessed but I don't take it for granted.
Like its politicians and its war, society has the teenagers it deserves.
I think I was the only person in my experimental film class doing comedy. But my sense of humor and a lot of comedy that I love is quite surreal and strange, you know? You could argue that 'Monty Python' is experimental film. It just happens to be really funny.
When families are strong and stable, so are children - showing higher levels of wellbeing and more positive outcomes. But when things go wrong - either through family breakdown or a damaged parental relationship - the impact on a child's later life can be devastating.
We have a society now where obedience to the law is really a choice, an option only.
We're all screwed up. And the way Christians mess things up is we act like we've got it going on. And if we would just stay in that place of, 'Hey, we're all screwed up and but for the grace of God, none of us have a shot here.' We need to have a sense of humor about it; that's kind of the way I've always faced my comedy.
I do look forward to doing things in the future that I haven't done before. Do you know what I have always dreamt about? Playing a serial killer!
Scaling up community health workers and health system capacity must be a fundamental component of our efforts to achieve universal health coverage, which will be my topmost priority if elected as Director-General.
The greatest achievement was at first and for a time a dream. The oak sleeps in the acorn, the bird waits in the egg, and in the highest vision of the soul a waking angel stirs. Dreams are the seedlings of realities.
I think if we don't understand history, if we don't keep referring back to it, we become complacent. And complacency, as we all know, it leads to repeating history.
Once brave politicians and others explain the war on drugs' true cost, the American people will scream for a cease-fire. Bring the troops home, people will urge. Treat drugs as a health problem, not as a matter for the criminal justice system.
All I ever seek from good deeds is a measure of respect.
Since many of you do not belong to the Catholic Church and others are non-believers, from the bottom of my heart I give this silent blessing to each and every one of you, respecting the conscience of each one of you but knowing that each one of you is a child of God.
The kitchen really is the castle itself. This is where we spend our happiest moments and where we find the joy of being a family.
We are so obsessed with doing that we have no time and no imagination left for being. As a result, men are valued not for what they are but for what they do or what they have - for their usefulness.
Whether you like it or not, you're forced to come to the realisation that death is out there. But I don't fear death, I'm a fatalist. I believe when it's your time, that's it. It's the hand you're dealt.
Death surrenders us totally to God: it makes us enter into him; we must, in return, surrender ourselves to death with absolute love and self-abandonment since, when death comes, all we can do is to surrender ourselves completely to the domination and guidance of God.
When my parents were dating, they were very poor, so my dad couldn't take my mom out. They would go to the grocery store and pick out funny looking vegetables. When I grew up, we'd still go and find the ones with personality.
People spending more of their own money on routine health care would make the system more competitive and transparent and restore the confidence between the patients and the doctors without government rationing.
If you're going to have any kind of political opposition in the 21st century, then it has to be as fundamentally liquid as the rapidly changing society we're living in.
In karate, there's a lot of respect. In fact, when an opponent accepts to fight me, he's giving me a chance to show my work, so I can't diminish him at all.
Men was formed for society, and is neither capable of living alone, nor has the courage to do it.
I have been known for some time as a person who speaks the truth and speaks it strongly. I have always called a liar a liar and a hypocrite a hypocrite.
Pray as though everything depended on God. Work as though everything depended on you.
I can't change history, I don't want to change history. I can only change the future. I'm working on that.
I've always liked using humor, but what I had to with 'Chewing Gum' was take out a lot of darkness so it would be a bit more feel-good.
You know, the man of my dreams might walk round the corner tomorrow. I'm older and wiser and I think I'd make a great girlfriend. I live in the realm of romantic possibility.
Where would you be without friends? The people to pick you up when you need lifting? We come from homes far from perfect, so you end up almost parent and sibling to your friends - your own chosen family. There's nothing like a really loyal, dependable, good friend. Nothing.
My family has taught me to keep my feet on the ground and be humble.
My trust in God flows out of the experience of his loving me, day in and day out, whether the day is stormy or fair, whether I'm sick or in good health, whether I'm in a state of grace or disgrace. He comes to me where I live and loves me as I am.
There are just certain things that turn my head. It may be a girl's sense of humor, it may be her wit, or her belief system; it could be a lot of different things.
I have been quoted saying that, in the future, all companies will be Internet companies. I still believe that. More than ever, really.
And that's the mission of The Innocence Project in New York, is to exonerate people who have been wrongfully convicted, and also work from a policy angle with Congress and state legislatures to prevent future wrongful convictions.
One of the peculiar sins of the twentieth century which we've developed to a very high level is the sin of credulity. It has been said that when human beings stop believing in God they believe in nothing. The truth is much worse: they believe in anything.
Without ethics, man has no future. This is to say, mankind without them cannot be itself. Ethics determine choices and actions and suggest difficult priorities.
Tea time is a chance to slow down, pull back and appreciate our surroundings.
Courage without conscience is a wild beast.
Coming from a single parent household, I witnessed firsthand the strength and courage of the single mother. I always had my father in my life but my household was run by my mother and my grandmother. As a result, I have always had the utmost respect for women and have chosen to strongly convey that in my music.
A society deadened by a smothering network of laws while finding release in moral chaos is not likely to be either happy or stable.
Journalism is in fact history on the run.
Hope is some extraordinary spiritual grace that God gives us to control our fears, not to oust them.
I love spending time with my friends and family. The simplest things in life give me the most pleasure: cooking a good meal, enjoying my friends.
The greatest obstacle to the welfare state is not greed but private charity that makes the welfare state irrelevant; the greatest obstacle to re-education of children in the name of the collective is allegiance to a higher power. More than that, the greatest obstacle to the state as god is an actual God above the state.
Death wasn't part of God's original plan for humanity, and the Bible calls death an enemy - the last enemy to be destroyed.
My intent is not to inflame Muslims but to entertain readers of great thrillers. At the end of the day, I want people to see a good protagonist struggle against serious odds and do so with courage and honor and integrity.
I have just got a new theory of eternity.
It has always been the role of government to help solve problems, including and especially health crises. Obesity is a health epidemic across our country, and we have a responsibility as a government and a society to do all we can to promote good nutrition and healthy eating so we can reverse this alarming trend.
I'd like to one day be featured on a list of inspirational people who have made a difference in the world, whether it be helping underprivileged people or putting an end to the poaching of wildlife in Africa.
Whoever is happy will make others happy too.
What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality.
The more you worry, the more you throw off the delicate balance of hormones required for health.
Jesu's walls of distortion are uplifting in comparison to those of its doom-driven contemporaries. The band's 2009 album 'Infinity' has its bleak moments, but that album's single 49-minute song resolves into something inspirational and grandiose by the time it's over.
Celebrity farmer. Now there's a phrase that should be an oxymoron. There are farmers on both sides of my family, and I can attest that the overlap between the way farmers live, work and think, and celebrity culture, is exactly 0%.
As one ages, eventually, no matter what regime you've followed, no matter how fiercely you've fought the fight, good health becomes harder to maintain. It may disappear overnight or simply dwindle, but with every year that passes, the odds shorten.
But we got up there and decided to stick to this mix of power chords and funk and that's where it really started for us. In having the courage to take that decision. To take a gamble not just with our music but our lives.
If someone says 'grunge' or 'punk,' you know what the sound is, but if you say 'No Wave,' it's kind of mysterious. That was the most interesting part and should have been the most inspirational thing about it... here's this collective sonic insanity, and none of it sounds anything alike.
Investing in more fossil fuel infrastructure will not strengthen our economy over the long-term, since the market is clearly indicating that clean energy sources are the future.
Don't wait to be successful at some future point. Have a successful relationship with the present moment and be fully present in whatever you are doing. That is success.
I believe in God. I believe that He's real and I believe He has control over a lot of things and I think throughout history there has been a lot of countries that have turned their back on Him and the result is not great.
I've got a cure for mental health issue. Spank your children more.
Prayer is when you talk to God. Meditation is when you're listening. Playing the piano allows you to do both at the same time.
One of my favorite things about 'Star Trek' wasn't just the overt banter but the humor in that show about the relationships between the main characters and their reactions to the situations they would face; there was a lot of comedy in that show without ever breaking its reality.
Pearl Harbor caused our Nation to wholeheartedly commit to winning World War II, changing the course of our Nation's history and the world's future.
Time is but the stream I go a-fishing in.
It's not that the Irish are cynical. It's rather that they have a wonderful lack of respect for everything and everybody.
May God save the country, for it is evident that the people will not.
I used to watch 'The Waltons' and sob because my family was nothing like that. We had a cruel sense of humor in my family.
Circumstances are beyond human control, but our conduct is in our own power.
You cannot live to please everyone else. You have to edify, educate and fulfill your own dreams and destiny, and hope that whatever your art is that you're putting out there, if it's received, great, I respect you for receiving it. If it's not received, great, I respect you for not.
Nothing in your past is in your present making you do anything you don't choose to do. You are not your past history! You are not your past failures! You are not how others have at one time treated you! You are only who you are and what you do now in this moment.
He who is completely sanctified, or cleansed from all sin, and dies in this state, is fit for glory.
If a free society cannot help the many who are poor, it cannot save the few who are rich.
It is important for all of us to appreciate where we come from and how that history has really shaped us in ways that we might not understand.
Clouds come floating into my life, no longer to carry rain or usher storm, but to add color to my sunset sky.
People of humor are always in some degree people of genius.
Your personal time with God is huge, your quiet time, your study, prayer, but being around other Christian followers... and the church just feeds you. You come away feeling rejuvenated, you get a great message.
Let your customers be your partners; let your vendors be your employees. What's necessary in this transformation more than anything else is courage and a willingness to change.
Courage is almost a contradiction in terms. It means a strong desire to live taking the form of readiness to die.
The future has already arrived. It's just not evenly distributed yet.
I think it's because it's so different and it takes risks. Plus, it's really smart humor. It gives the audience credit in terms of not needing to tell them when to laugh. I love that about the show. There's no laugh track.
It takes tremendous discipline to control the influence, the power you have over other people's lives.
On the second half of 'Under Pressure,' I talk about my family, and there are voicemails on my phone from when I was on the road that actually make up the second half of the nine-minute song. I transcribe them and rap them as if I were my sister, my brother, or my father.
No one deserves any more respect than the other person until they prove themselves unworthy.
If we listened to our intellect, we'd never have a love affair. We'd never have a friendship. We'd never go into business, because we'd be cynical. Well, that's nonsense. You've got to jump off cliffs all the time and build your wings on the way down.
True humility is intelligent self respect which keeps us from thinking too highly or too meanly of ourselves. It makes us modest by reminding us how far we have come short of what we can be.
I don't carry the burden of the past or the madness of the future. I live in the present.
Prediction is very difficult, especially if it's about the future.
The most unpardonable sin in society is independence of thought.
Stand-up don't get no respect - it's the hardest thing to do in show business. You don't have no band and there's no music.
The African mind has a lot to contribute, not only to world understanding of the arts, but to an understanding of spiritualism. That is the contribution Africa will make to the world of the future - an injection of sanity into the environment of the universe itself.
I mean, I am fully aware of my influence and my responsibility to society in general representing the gay community. But in the same time, I don't represent the entire gay community because it's a vast, vast community, as one can imagine.
All these walls that keep us from loving each other as one family or one race - racism, religion, where we grew up, whatever, class, socioeconomic - what makes us be so selfish and prideful, what keeps us from wanting to help the next man, what makes us be so focused on a personal legacy as opposed to the entire legacy of a race.
Five days a week, I read my goals before I go to sleep and when I wake up. There are 10 goals around health, family and business with expiration dates, and I update them every six months.
Strong government doesn't mean simply military power or an efficient intelligence apparatus. Instead, it should mean effective, fair administration - in other words, 'good governance.'
I don't believe in God, though I'm not prepared to call myself an atheist either. You know the old phrase: 'There are no atheists in foxholes.' I've never been in a foxhole, and if I ever find myself in a foxhole, I'll let you know if I believe in God or not.
I'm not a traditional politician, and I have a sense of humor. I'll try to soften it and become boring, maybe even very boring, but I'm not sure if I'll be able to.
The idea is to die young as late as possible.
When people do not respect us we are sharply offended; yet in his private heart no man much respects himself.
In a society that tries to standardize thinking, individuality is not highly prized.
The first issue to be settled is whether socialism has a right to exist Are its allegations concerning the present system true? Is industry proceeding on a principle of fraud? I wish to test the power of recent economic theory to give an exact answer to this question.
When the sun is shining I can do anything; no mountain is too high, no trouble too difficult to overcome.
Our scientific power has outrun our spiritual power. We have guided missiles and misguided men.
Life without Liberty is far worse than death.
Economics is a subject that does not greatly respect one's wishes.
An insatiable appetite for glory leads to sacrifice and death, but innate instinct leads to self-preservation and life.
If somebody has no sense of humor, I think that's a great place to start for British comedy in terms of your character.
Death will be a great relief. No more interviews.
When I was growing up, we didn't have much money. What was important in my house was to have food on the table, be happy, and have our family.
I have a very dark sense of humor.
Personally, I've learned about perseverance: when you hear the word 'No,' and when you hear rejection, that it's not always final. And that timing is everything, and you have to stay the course and just keep working hard and know that, when your time comes, that it will be sweet and that it will be the perfect time.
We live in a society of victimization, where people are much more comfortable being victimized than actually standing up for themselves.
Words have a lot of power.
Everyone feels like family and I am back in the city that I love.
I'm Jewish and respect the traditions of Judaism, but through all the time I've spent photographing nature, I also have a deep appreciation for the power of the universe. No, not the power of the universe, but just celebrating life.
We must not become the new puritans and reject our society. We must address and master the future together. It can be done if we restore the belief that we share a sense of national community, that we share a common national endeavor. It can be done.
Here's what I believe, I think the FBI is the premier law enforcement agency in the history of the world but i think there was some bad apples over there.
What lies behind you and what lies in front of you, pales in comparison to what lies inside of you.
I don't like accidental success. It's what Bill Gates calls 'random,' a term he uses with the opposite of respect.
People, I guess, generally come to see me do stand-up with a working knowledge of my broad sense of humor on 'The Daily Show'... I don't think anyone would mistake me as an actual anchor.
See, when you drive home today, you've got a big windshield on the front of your car. And you've got a little bitty rearview mirror. And the reason the windshield is so large and the rearview mirror is so small is because what's happened in your past is not near as important as what's in your future.
Future orientation is combined with a notion and expectation of progress, and nothing is impossible.
Death is a release from the impressions of the senses, and from desires that make us their puppets, and from the vagaries of the mind, and from the hard service of the flesh.
It took years of psychotherapy before I even considered dating. I lost weight, replaced my glasses with contact lenses and felt a lot more confident. But I find it really hard to hold down a relationship.
I feel like music itself is inspirational enough. Especially with the Internet. Not to sound like a shut-in.
The scary thing about the future... there will be tiny cameras everywhere, and they'll be flying around like mosquitoes and drones. That will be bad. Drones are scary. You can't reason with a drone.
But in the end, in the end one is alone. We are all of us alone. I mean I'm told these days we have to consider ourselves as being in society... but in the end one knows one is alone, that one lives at the heart of a solitude.
Because the supply of Bitcoin is limited, the price of Bitcoin is going to have to increase and increase very substantially over time. My advice is that if you're interested in Bitcoin and excited by Bitcoin, then buy some Bitcoin and hold onto them, and you're likely to do very well over time.
Marriage cannot be severed from its cultural, religious and natural roots without weakening the good influence of society.
Thank you, God, for this good life and forgive us if we do not love it enough.
The fact that the adult American Negro female emerges a formidable character is often met with amazement, distaste and even belligerance. It is seldom accepted as an inevitable outcome of the struggle won by survivors, and deserves respect if not enthusiastic acceptance.
What we need is more people who specialize in the impossible.
I am intrigued by different religions and respect them all, but to be honest, I feel the most spiritual when I am doing yoga or looking at an ocean. Being spiritual is feeling a connection with a higher power and knowing that life is about more than just achieving goals. It is about feeling good in the moment.
It takes a long time to grow an old friend.
Assuredly, Loving Souls, you should go to God with all humility and respect, humbling yourselves in His presence, especially when you remember your past ingratitude and sins.
If there were no night, we would not appreciate the day, nor could we see the stars and the vastness of the heavens. We must partake of the bitter with the sweet. There is a divine purpose in the adversities we encounter every day. They prepare, they purge, they purify, and thus they bless.
My wife Maya Bhate is from Pune. My daughters Diya and Keya, and I, are regular visitors to the city, since her family is based here.
If we are to better the future we must disturb the present.
A witty woman is a treasure; a witty beauty is a power.
I am shocked and deeply saddened by McQueen's death. He was a genius, and his talent was second to none. Like many others, I always cited him as a hugely inspirational leader of world fashion. He will be greatly missed.
I'm a survivor of life. I try to give the glory to God and appreciate what's happening to me.
That's the one thing you never judge, another man's spiritual walk. I wish more people knew that, because when you begin to talk about a person spiritually, you invite all types of bad things to happen to you. That's the worst thing you could do, because when you do that you're actually saying that you don't respect anything that's of substance.
I try not to read the stuff online because it's so hurtful and stuff. There was somebody that said I was messing up my genetics by dating my boyfriend because he's not black. It was an interesting thing to read.
My goal is to get another 30 years out of this business. So I need to figure out the fuel to do that. And so far, I think it's respect and quality and company, not celebrity or box office or stardom. It's not a sprinter's approach. It's more like a long-distance thing. You can stick around a lot longer if you kind of slow-play it.
If I could time travel into the future, my first port of call would be the point where medical technology is at its best because, like most people on this planet, I have this aversion to dying.
Righteousness has to do with the vertical standard that God gives us to please Him. Justice has to do with the horizontal expression of that righteous standard in the lives of others.
HATE, even if it's making money. is an underground movie, that's how it was made. It's a film about police brutality in the largest sense, it's about the whole of society and not just about the hood.
Health consists with temperance alone.
Political tyranny is nothing compared to the social tyranny and a reformer who defies society is a more courageous man than a politician who defies Government.
Architecture is a living thing. If I want to leave something to the future, it has to be able to change - but retain something of the ethos that we built up over 50 years.
Throughout this evolution from left to right, Beard always detested war. Hence his writings were slanted to show that the military side of history was insignificant or a mere reflection of economic forces.
At the height of the British Empire very few English novels were written that dealt with British power. It's extraordinary that at the moment in which England was the global superpower the subject of British power appeared not to interest most writers.
William Kittredge's 'Hole in the Sky' is one of my favorite books. Ian Frazier's 'Family' I adore.
I respect everybody. You don't have to earn my respect. You earn my disrespect.
Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones we've been waiting for. We are the change that we seek.
Power without a nation's confidence is nothing.
In Psalm 72, Solomon prays for power and fame but he says the purpose of influence is to speak up for others and one is the immigrant. He doesn't delineate between legal and illegal.
Time flies. It's up to you to be the navigator.
God Almighty has set before me two great objects: the suppression of the slave trade and the reformation of manners.
Investing in women's lives is an investment in sustainable development, in human rights, in future generations - and consequently in our own long-term national interests.
Time sometimes flies like a bird, sometimes crawls like a snail; but a man is happiest when he does not even notice whether it passes swiftly or slowly.
I can't imagine dating a boy, meeting him only outside the home. What's a home and family for if it's not the center of one's life?
By failing to read or listen to poets, society dooms itself to inferior modes of articulation: those of the politician, the salesman or the charlatan... In other words, it forfeits its own evolutionary potential.
Besides taking jobs from American workers, illegal immigration creates huge economic burdens on our health care system, our education system, our criminal justice system, our environment, our infrastructure and our public safety.
I believe that how you feel is very important to how you look - that healthy equals beautiful.
I learned a long time ago the wisest thing I can do is be on my own side, be an advocate for myself and others like me.
Inspiring scenes of people taking the future of their countries into their own hands will ignite greater demands for good governance and political reform elsewhere in the world, including in Asia and in Africa.
Someday, after mastering the winds, the waves, the tides and gravity, we shall harness for God the energies of love, and then, for a second time in the history of the world, man will have discovered fire.
Creating life at the speed of light is part of a new industrial revolution. Manufacturing will shift from centralised factories to a distributed, domestic manufacturing future, thanks to the rise of 3D printer technology.
I will say that anyone who supports Scottish independence should go to Athens. Because nothing works. It is a disaster. It is a ruined, dirty place where people do not have money or future prospects. The day one after independence, Scotland would be worse.
I'm in favour of religion as a tamer of arrogance. For a Greek Orthodox, the idea of God as creator outside the human is not God in God's terms. My God isn't the God of George Bush.
I respect the audience's intelligence a lot, and that's why I don't try to go for the lowest common denominator.
I said to the almond tree, 'Friend, speak to me of God,' and the almond tree blossomed.
Bitterness and unforgiveness block the flow of God's blessing in your life and actually hinder your prayers.
The preservation of peace and the guaranteeing of man's basic freedoms and rights require courage and eternal vigilance: courage to speak and act - and if necessary, to suffer and die - for truth and justice; eternal vigilance, that the least transgression of international morality shall not go undetected and unremedied.
But meanwhile time flies; it flies never to be regained.
To dare to live alone is the rarest courage; since there are many who had rather meet their bitterest enemy in the field, than their own hearts in their closet.
For the most part, comedians are pretty friendly with each other. They always say they badmouth each other, but most of the time, they're friends. We're the only ones that can really stand our type of humor.
I didn't want to be short. I've tried to pretend that being a short guy didn't matter. I tried to make up for being short by affecting a strut, by adopting the voice of a much bigger man, by spending more money than I made, by tipping double or triple at bars and restaurants, by dating tall, beautiful women.
God exists since mathematics is consistent, and the Devil exists since we cannot prove it.
Everybody's got baggage, and not just the classic, 'Oh I have so much baggage,' but everyone comes with so much context, and you're not just dating a person: you're dating all their context, too. Part of relationships is negotiating each other's context.
Remember that bodily exercise, when it is well ordered, as I have said, is also prayer by means of which you can please God our Lord.
Looking back at my high school years, I'm struck by how slowly history can move.
Let us learn to appreciate there will be times when the trees will be bare, and look forward to the time when we may pick the fruit.
With power comes the abuse of power. And where there are bosses, there are crazy bosses. It's nothing new.
I'm a fighting man, a fighting man with generations of fighting men before me in my family. That's all we do: we fight.
I have a very dark sense of humor. I swear. I have a very playful relationship with Jesus.
The body needs its rest, and sleep is extremely important in any health regimen. There should be three main things: eating, exercise and sleep. All three together in the right balance make for a truly healthy lifestyle.
Die, v.: To stop sinning suddenly.
It's up to the courage of the filmmakers to make art in cinema, not just business. John was rejected by studios, he borrowed money and did movies with his own money. You're either courageous or not. You have to find a way.
What I love about Popsicle and the moments I can be with Camden is that their whole philosophy is family and these moments that it can create to just sit with my son, read a comic book or go outside on a hot day, take a swim and have a Popsicle treat with him.
It's important that we start conversations about changing the culture of sexual harassment and discrimination in politics, state capitols, and our larger communities with an acknowledgment of the courage of so many women who have chosen to speak up and speak out.
The informality of family life is a blessed condition that allows us all to become our best while looking our worst.
Virginia State University gave me a chance to get out of my neighborhood and it showed me a different light for who I was in society.
If we as a society are willing to have a preference for organic food, the farmer can pass on the savings.
For it is the duty of an astronomer to compose the history of the celestial motions through careful and expert study.
A happy family is but an earlier heaven.
My mother was very funny. My dad had a great sense of humor. My grandmother, too.
God's promises are all on condition of humble obedience.
Leadership is diving for a loose ball, getting the crowd involved, getting other players involved. It's being able to take it as well as dish it out. That's the only way you're going to get respect from the players.
For too long, our society has shrugged off bullying by labeling it a 'rite of passage' and by asking students to simply 'get over it.' Those attitudes need to change. Every day, students are bullied into silence and are afraid to speak up. Let's break this silence and end school bullying.
Although I am not Jewish, I have been to many Friday night Shabbats at my friends houses, and I absolutely love it. It's a great and inspiring tradition to keep the family close.
No society has been able to abolish human sadness, no political system can deliver us from the pain of living, from our fear of death, our thirst for the absolute. It is the human condition that directs the social condition, not vice versa.
Photography takes an instant out of time, altering life by holding it still.
We must let go of the life we have planned, so as to accept the one that is waiting for us.
Tell the FBI that the kidnappers should pick out a judge that Nixon wants back.
My mother is such an incredibly strong woman. She raised a family of five boys extremely well. She made us all strong, loving, caring people. We all support each other. I'm really thankful to her.
I don't try to sanction other people's joy in monsters. I mean, I think the fact is, humor, fantasy - you know, like fear, desire or laughter - create genres of their own: comedy, melodrama, or erotic films or horror films... The boundaries cannot be defined. It's to each his own.
When you live on the road, going home is a place to escape and just be with your family to unwind.
In business, there are times when you disagree, and sometimes it turns out that you're just plain wrong. Humor takes away tension and helps you realize you're wrong.
Years later I would hear my father say the divorce had left him dating his children. That still meant picking us up every Sunday for a matinee and, if he had the money, an early dinner somewhere.
The biggest mistake people make is to try to lose too much weight too fast.
As I get older, my sense of humor is my biggest asset.
The finest clothing made is a person's own skin, but, of course, society demands something more than this.
The love of the family, the love of one person can heal. It heals the scars left by a larger society. A massive, powerful society.
Dating is really hard because everyone puts on a front. It's really difficult to see who is who, so it is important to be yourself.
There are people in every time and every land who want to stop history in its tracks. They fear the future, mistrust the present, and invoke the security of a comfortable past which, in fact, never existed.
Leaders don't look backwards to condemn what has already been done; they look forward to create a better future.
I did nothing to deserve God's love; in fact, I was living as an orphan, without hope. Yet God chose to pursue a relationship with me, and through the death of his son Jesus, I was adopted into God's family.
The children of the world, what they want and what they need are health clinics and schools, not tanks or armed helicopters or fighter jets.
As long as we are persistence in our pursuit of our deepest destiny, we will continue to grow. We cannot choose the day or time when we will fully bloom. It happens in its own time.
In many ways, anti-anti-Trumpism mirrors Donald Trump himself because, at its core there are no fixed values, no respect for constitutional government or ideas of personal character - only a free-floating nihilism cloaked in insult, mockery, and bombast.
My biggest hobby is hanging out with my family and kids.
Dodi got a lot of criticism when he began dating Princess Diana. No one seemed to think he was good enough for her.
Being part of the Workshop is like being part of a really big family. Everyone is so close. Everyone feels the success of others who go on to do well. Whatever happens, I will still be part of the Workshop.
It has always surprised me how little attention philosophers have paid to humor, since it is a more significant process of mind than reason. Reason can only sort out perceptions, but the humor process is involved in changing them.
It is impossible for you to be angry and laugh at the same time. Anger and laughter are mutually exclusive and you have the power to choose either.
Society is not a disease, it is a disaster. What a stupid miracle that one can live in it.
You have to have a sense of humor about life to get through it.
Never write an advertisement which you wouldn't want your family to read. You wouldn't tell lies to your own wife. Don't tell them to mine.
Two European nations emerged with credit from the Iraq disaster: France and Germany. Both had the courage to withstand the Bush administration and oppose the U.S.-led invasion.
My mortal foe can no ways wish me a greater harm than England's hate; neither should death be less welcome unto me than such a mishap betide me.
Rarely do members of the same family grow up under the same roof.
You've got to listen to the universe, to life, to God, whatever you want to call it. Because its going to speak to you.
At the age of 19, I removed myself from society for almost four months, setting off years of manic episodes, including outrageous overspending. I bought several Mercedes because I thought I could. I had no money, but I rented a jet.
With courage and character, American soldiers continue to put themselves on the line to defend our freedom, and so many have paid the ultimate sacrifice.
When you ask people what affects their wellbeing most, they think of health and wealth.
And when I've been away from my family and friends, I have felt good hearing some of those old songs.
I have always had a keen interest in defence and military history and read more on this subject than anything else.
I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness because it shows me the stars.
Knowledge of God's Word is a bulwark against deception, temptation, accusation, even persecution.
I came from a big family - two brothers and two sisters. So, there were always a ton of boys around and a ton of girls around. So, I grew up comfortable with both sexes.
I'm a bit of a romantic, to a fault. It's led me to some great things and also some sad things. It's made me a better person, to keep a good spirit about dating.
And now, this is the sweetest and most glorious day that ever my eyes did see.
Sadness flies away on the wings of time.
What I see in the Bible, especially in the book of Psalms, which is a book of gratitude for the created world, is a recognition that all good things on Earth are God's, every good gift is from above. They are good if we recognize where they came from and if we treat them the way the Designer intended them to be treated.
When I left Tinder, I had no intention of getting back into the dating industry. What I ultimately wanted to do was start this contagious complimentary social network, where kindness was at the helm.
It's not that I find it hard to meet girls - they do come up and chat me up from time to time. Sometimes I'm interested, I tend not to go for the prettier ones. I prefer the quirkier types.
And how can man die better than facing fearful odds, for the ashes of his fathers, and the temples of his Gods?
Technology is like water; it wants to find its level. So if you hook up your computer to a billion other computers, it just makes sense that a tremendous share of the resources you want to use - not only text or media but processing power too - will be located remotely.
I went and looked at one of these great cathedrals one day, and I was blown away by it. From there I became interested in how cathedrals were built, and from there I became interested in the society that built the medieval cathedral. It occurred to me at some point that the story of the building of a cathedral could be a great popular novel.
Nothing is more destructive of respect for the government and the law of the land than passing laws which cannot be enforced.
I always disliked dogs, those protectors of cowards who lack the courage to fight an assailant themselves.
The best thing that I did was get myself out of an environment that was toxic to me and to my mental health. That was through retiring from football.
Leadership is all about taking people on a journey. The challenge is that most of the time, we are asking people to follow us to places we ourselves have never been.
I think humor is used a lot of the time to keep people from getting too close. Humor side-steps and shifts the meaning.
The thing you fear most has no power. Your fear of it is what has the power. Facing the truth really will set you free.
Growing up in a very big family, working together and playing together, that is something that has been part of my life since ever I was born. It has advantages and disadvantages. It's like an older style of living where everyone works in the family business.
I am a family person and also very emotional by nature.
There's a time in your life where you're not quite sure where you are. You think everything's perfect, but it's not perfect... Then one day you wake up and you can't quite picture yourself in the situation you're in. But the secret is, if you can picture yourself doing anything in life, you can do it.
Once I knew only darkness and stillness... my life was without past or future... but a little word from the fingers of another fell into my hand that clutched at emptiness, and my heart leaped to the rapture of living.
The script was just the best I'd read in a long time and I love the humor, which I wasn't expecting, and I like the fact that my six year old daughter can see the show without being, you know, protected from it.
If liberalism discredited itself, Obama woulda never gotten elected, and the New Deal woulda gone by the wayside, and LBJ woulda never gotten the Great Society. Liberalism does not discredit itself. It has to be explained and beaten back.
We should not fret for what is past, nor should we be anxious about the future; men of discernment deal only with the present moment.
Humor is this great equalizer. It gets people's defenses down, and once they're down, you can discuss some really difficult topics.
Those who enjoy their own emotionally bad health and who habitually fill their own minds with the rank poisons of suspicion, jealousy and hatred, as a rule take umbrage at those who refuse to do likewise, and they find a perverted relief in trying to denigrate them.
Love is the power to see similarity in the dissimilar.
No one can outrun death. It will catch up to all of us eventually.
The fear of death follows from the fear of life. A man who lives fully is prepared to die at any time.
The principle that human nature, in its psychological aspects, is nothing more than a product of history and given social relations removes all barriers to coercion and manipulation by the powerful.
The more aware of your intentions and your experiences you become, the more you will be able to connect the two, and the more you will be able to create the experiences of your life consciously. This is the development of mastery. It is the creation of authentic power.
I'd advise the youth to not get influenced or forced by their elders. They should have own political views and choices and the courage to pick the right leader.
Not on one strand are all life's jewels strung.
Only the guy who isn't rowing has time to rock the boat.
I had to deal with it so often, I found ways of making a point against racism. When I played against Real Zaragoza, they chanted like monkeys and threw peanuts on the pitch. So when I scored, I danced in front of them like a monkey. When the same thing happened against Real Madrid, I scored and held my fist in a Black Power salute.
I normally don't ever talk about my dating life or anything super personal in the press just because I feel like there's this fine line between what to keep to myself and what to share.
Once a refugee, always a refugee. I can't ever remember not being all right wherever I was, but you don't give your whole allegiance to a place or want to be entirely identified with the society you're living in.
People from different parts of the world can respond to the same story if it says something to them about their own history and their own experience.
It's lonely. That's why, in many ways, the CIA is the world's biggest dating agency, I think. I imagine it's much like two actors that get married because they understand that universe. You know, I'm pretty sure the agency's divorce rate is rather high.
You have to respect your parents. They are giving you an at-bat. If you're an entrepreneur and go into the family business, you want to grow fast. Patience is important. But respect the other party... My dad and I pulled it off because we really respect each other.
Humans are possessed, to some degree, with the power of foresight. Yet we so often learn things the hard way, through disaster.
Life as we know it, with all its ups and downs, will soon be over. We all will give an accounting to God of how we have lived.
Tonight, we gather to affirm the greatness of our nation - not because of the height of our skyscrapers, or the power of our military, or the size of our economy. Our pride is based on a very simple premise, summed up in a declaration made over two hundred years ago.
If I take death into my life, acknowledge it, and face it squarely, I will free myself from the anxiety of death and the pettiness of life - and only then will I be free to become myself.
I'm not cynical about marriage or romance. I enjoyed being married. And although being single was fun for a while, there was always the risk of dating someone who'd owned a lunch box with my picture on it.
The world is very different now. For man holds in his mortal hands the power to abolish all forms of human poverty, and all forms of human life.
I had a great childhood. Even though I never had my own room - I shared the porch with my grandfather and kept my belongings in one drawer of a dresser that was jammed next to the piano - I never went hungry and was always supported by my family.
I find humor to be the most attractive characteristic, but I certainly won't cancel anything out, considering when you love someone you love someone, and sometimes you just can't explain it.
I think the world consists of yin and yang. There should be a balance, and it's important to coexist peacefully, with respect and dignity, and whenever those lines are crossed I think it's important for people to speak up for what they believe in.
History is like a constantly changing tree.
My biggest concern is the abundance of public doubt and misunderstanding when it comes to Twitter's vision and the near future for the service.
God loves each of us as if there were only one of us.
I was dating my first boyfriend in high school for a long time, and we broke up before prom. I hadn't met anyone else that I really wanted to go with, and my friends have always been amazing. So I went with my friends and got a million photos with them!
It takes courage to know when you ought to be afraid.
I grind and I graft, but I will make sure that I get that time off here and there to unwind and relax and have a life.
My family is certainly very vocal. They're very Italian. A lot of our holidays end with people screaming at each other across the room. And everyone's very opinionated and intelligent. A lot of my aunts and uncles are wildly educated, and their opinions reflect that. We're all very liberal.
I still respect Anthony Joshua and I'm a big fan of what he did in boxing.
Peace is the beauty of life. It is sunshine. It is the smile of a child, the love of a mother, the joy of a father, the togetherness of a family. It is the advancement of man, the victory of a just cause, the triumph of truth.
I am enormously honored to be one of the spokesmen of the New Age Womens Health Campaign, so you'll be seeing me in public service announcements and public appearances supporting the campaign.
I think it's important to hold a mirror up to society and yourself.
In view of the fact that God limited the intelligence of man, it seems unfair that He did not also limit his stupidity.
History is nothing if not an epic tale of missed opportunities.
The quickest way to defuse fear or insecurity or anger is usually humor. I think comics figure that out quickly, and, once you figure it out, you think, 'Hey, if I can do this and get paid, that would be kind of cool.'
I was raised middle-class in a small town. I have all my same friends from high school. I'm close with my family. I'm dating a normal girl. So I want to feel people think I'm a man of the people. Because I feel that way.
The great and abiding lesson of American history, particularly the cold war, is that the engine of capitalism, the individual, is mightier than any collective.
I play Captain Lance Van Der Berg, who's a Union captain who ends up staying with the Confederate family who's been taken over by the army when they come into the city in Virginia. He strikes up a romance with the youngest daughter in the house, which obviously causes some issues for the family.
History shows that all protest movements rely on symbols - boycotts, strikes, sit-ins, flags, songs. Symbolic action on whatever scale - from the Montgomery Bus Boycott to wearing a simple wristband - is designed to disrupt our everyday complacency and force people to think.
My belief in human rights includes a fundamental principle that is written into Article 1 of the UN Charter: respect for equal rights and self-determination.
I believe that if one always looked at the skies, one would end up with wings.
I tried to make up for being 5 ft. 3 in. by affecting a strut and adopting the voice of a much bigger man... dating tall, beautiful women... But nothing I could do, after Ava had left me, would add a single inch to my height.
The sin which is indulged to the greatest extent, which separates us from God and produces so many spiritual disorders, and which are contagious, is selfishness.
At first I was against Internet dating because there are some inherent risks, but I've seen so many happy couples who've met on the Internet that I've changed my mind.
I am profoundly fascinated by cruelty, fear, horror and death. My films show my preoccupation with violence, the pathology of violence.
As a nation we have the right to decide our own affairs, to mould our own future. This does not pose any danger to anybody. Our nation is fully aware of the responsibility for its own fate in the complicated situation of the contemporary world.
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any.
By working to ensure we live in a society that prioritizes public safety, education, and innovation, entrepreneurship can thrive and create a better world for all of us to live in.
I do not feel obliged to believe that the same God who has endowed us with sense, reason, and intellect has intended us to forgo their use.
I have always believed that I should have had no difficulty in causing my rights to be respected.
Stress is part of life. It is something we all experience from time to time. Sometimes it reflects our own busy lifestyles or key moments such as exams, moving house, organising an event, or coping with a bereavement. Often it is associated with work: meeting a deadline, dealing with difficult people, or meeting stretching targets.
Mental health isn't all of me, but it's a massive part of my journey and a massive part of my whole being.
I know what it's like to have a family and not have insurance and really need it. As a comic, insurance was one of those sacrifices I made early on until I could afford it.
Pamela Anderson Lee released a statement confirming that she has had her breast implants removed. Doctors say that Pamela is doing fine and that her old implants are now dating Charlie Sheen.
People who know me, they know I have a sense of humor, I'm a bit of a joker, a bit of a clown really, and I would love someone to exploit that side of me and send me a romantic comedy.
The only way to discover the limits of the possible is to go beyond them into the impossible.
I find fault with my children because I like them and I want them to go places - uprightness and strength and courage and civil respect and anything that affects the probabilities of failure on the part of those that are closest to me, that concerns me - I find fault.
The history of mankind is a history of war.
I think death is just a transition to another state of consciousness.
I am a Maoist sympathiser. I'm not a Maoist ideologue, because the communist movements in history have been just as destructive as capitalism.
Live your beliefs and you can turn the world around.
It's not about the past; it's about knowing your history so that you can fight in the present. Otherwise, you don't know who the real enemy is, what the real issue is, because it had been covered by many layers of bad information, of lies, and manipulation.
I live in the present with an eye on the future.
History is a vision of God's creation on the move.
I never thought much of the courage of a lion tamer. Inside the cage he is at least safe from people.
Moral power is probably best when it is not used. The less you use it the more you have.
It's okay to take time for yourself. We give so much of ourselves to others and we need to be fueled both physically and mentally. If we are in balance, it helps us in all our interactions.
Right actions in the future are the best apologies for bad actions in the past.
Almost every college playwright or sketch or improv comedian was sort of aware of Christopher Durang - even kids in high school. His short plays were so accessible to younger people and I think that was inspirational to me.
We are never defeated unless we give up on God.
I try to live my life like my father lives his. He always takes care of everyone else first. He won't even start eating until he's sure everyone else in the family has started eating. Another thing: My dad never judges me by whether I win or lose.
Champions are not the ones who always win races - champions are the ones who get out there and try. And try harder the next time. And even harder the next time. 'Champion' is a state of mind. They are devoted. They compete to best themselves as much if not more than they compete to best others. Champions are not just athletes.
The beliefs I was raised with - to respect animals and to be aware of nature, to understand that we share this planet with other creatures - have had a huge impact on me.
Thank God men cannot fly, and lay waste the sky as well as the earth.
The death industry markets caskets and embalming under the rubric of helping bodies look 'natural,' but our current death customs are as natural as training majestic creatures like bears and elephants to dance in cute little outfits, or erecting replicas of the Eiffel Tower and Venetian canals in the middle of the harsh American desert.
Only solitary men know the full joys of friendship. Others have their family; but to a solitary and an exile, his friends are everything.
We owe these heroes a great deal - it is our solemn responsibility to ensure that all veterans receive the care and respect they have earned.
Morality may consist solely in the courage of making a choice.
If I didn't try to eavesdrop on every bus ride I take or look for the humor when I go for a walk, I would just be depressed all the time.
Better understanding of the natural world not only enhances all of us as human beings, but can also be harnessed for the better good, leading to improved health and quality of life.
Since childhood, I have been a fan of Spider Man because, according to me, he has the maximum humanity; he is very human, very mortal. So he even gets hurt. He has a poor background, but when he wears the costume, he forgets all of that, all the pressures of the society on him.
If we can speed up the deployment of clean energy technologies in developing countries with investments from the Green Climate Fund, hundreds of millions of people will be able to access electricity for the first time - with all the education, health, communication and entrepreneurial opportunities electricity enables.
When I'm lying in my bed I think about life and I think about death and neither one particularly appeals to me.
They say Latina women are spicy. But we are more than that. We have power, and we run things.
Language is the armory of the human mind, and at once contains the trophies of its past and the weapons of its future conquests.
What Western society teaches us is that if you get enough money, power, and beautiful people to have sex with, that's going to bring you happiness. That's what every commercial, every magazine, music, movie teaches us. That's a fallacy.
Expand the definition of 'reading' to include non-fiction, humor, graphic novels, magazines, action adventure, and, yes, even websites. It's the pleasure of reading that counts; the focus will naturally broaden. A boy won't read shark books forever.
Death is a commingling of eternity with time; in the death of a good man, eternity is seen looking through time.
Everyone knows that exercise can improve your health. Exercise is a key part of managing your weight and maintaining healthy hearts, lungs, and other bodily systems. But did you know that exercise can make you more productive? The latest research shows that a regular exercise routine can make you happier, smarter, and more energetic.
I'm very much in the trenches, and I don't live in the lap of luxury. I come from a working-class military family. We watch the news and read the paper and vote, so there's always something to be upset about. I always have a certain amount of angst in my back pocket.
The dogmas of the quiet past are inadequate to the stormy present. The occasion is piled high with difficulty, and we must rise with the occasion. As our case is new, so we must think anew and act anew.
Memories of our lives, of our works and our deeds will continue in others.
The spread of civilisation may be likened to a fire; first, a feeble spark, next a flickering flame, then a mighty blaze, ever increasing in speed and power.
I just am a snob when it comes to humor.
Mexico takes a hard line on immigration, demanding that visitors to her shores enter lawfully, and show her respect during their stay.
People who are in power make their arrangements in secret, largely as a way of maintaining and furthering that power.
There are always groups on campus that are doing amazing things. I know when I was in college, I was a student at the University of Arizona, working on my bachelor's in history, and I got involved with a number of different groups that were connected to different social justice issues that I cared about.
Anyone in the humor business isn't thinking clearly if he doesn't surround himself with idea people. Otherwise, you settle for mediocrity - or you burn yourself out.
I grew up in a very religious family and it is the motivating force to every thing I do. I am fortunate to have had adults all around me who really lived their faith, in helping other people and doing the best you can do.
I feel quite fearless protecting the people I love.
There's a tremendous difference between alone and lonely. You could be lonely in a group of people. I like being alone. I like eating by myself. I go home at night and just watch a movie or hang out with my dog. I have to exert myself and really say, oh God, I've got to see my friends 'cause I'm too content being by myself.
Writing is a solitary occupation. Family, friends, and society are the natural enemies of the writer. He must be alone, uninterrupted, and slightly savage if he is to sustain and complete an undertaking.
I've always adored the filmmaker Sam Fuller. The first time I watched 'Shock Corridor' was such a magnificent discovery. I love his lack of subtlety, the way he tackles serious topics with bold and inappropriate humor.
My father is actually a quarry man - he deals in stone. He also at one point had a lot of sheep, he owned a sheep farm, but primarily the family business was in stone.
Research such as ours is driven by the human imperative to understand where we are. It motivates the study of our positions in family, or in society, or on earth. The results may be termed geology, or sociology, or poetry.
I'm not everybody's cup of tea. But sometimes criticism can be hurtful. Be respectful. I'm a good piano player, I can sing well, I write good songs. If you don't like it, fair enough. But give me a break.
I have not lost faith in God. I have moments of anger and protest. Sometimes I've been closer to him for that reason.
I like characters who have two different things going on, whether it is Robin from 'Top Of The Lake' having that strength juxtaposed with the vulnerability and being in pain, or whether it is Peggy from 'Mad Men' with her naivety and her sort of idiocy at times, combined with her intelligence and courage really to do what she did at that time.
You can't pretend to be witty because wit is dry, subtle, lacerating, cynical, elitist, and risque - all impossible to fake. Humor, on the other hand, is broad, soothing, positive, inclusive, and smutty - to make sure everybody gets it. Pretending to be humorous is easy, and a great many people are doing it.
Time to open up a new chapter in life, and to explore a larger centre.
In Hinduism, Shiva is a deity who represents transformation. Through destruction and restoration, Shiva reminds us that endings are beginnings, and that our world is constantly undergoing a cycle of birth, death and rebirth.
A guitar is a very personal extension of the person playing it. You have to be emotionally and spiritually connected to your instrument. I'm very brutal on my instruments, but not all the time.
I really believe in the idea of the future.
If I had a magic wand, I would live in a building in New York, big enough so my friends, my family could all have apartments in it. We'd raise our kids in the same space and have backyard barbecues and get old and fat together.
Knowledge is power. You can't begin a career, for that matter even a relationship, unless you know everything there is to know about it.
To protect our country's economic future and the health and well being of all Americans, we must find a way to rein in out-of-control costs, provide quality, affordable health care choices to all, and make outrageous insurance industry abuses a thing of the past.
Society is composed of two great classes those who have more dinners than appetite, and those who have more appetite than dinners.
My parents have always been supportive. I come from a very simple middle class family, where the upbringing is very traditional. So for them to give me the kind of freedom to exercise my choices is very fortunate for me.
Dali had a good sense of humor - obviously you could tell just looking at him; he was funny.
Everyone who knows me knows my respect for women: equality and respect.
I find any sort of acting that doesn't have any humor in it is mind-numbingly boring. 'Serious acting' is the kind of acting that I don't ever respond to.
I am deeply saddened by the death of my dear friend, Dudley Moore.
I guess as far as leftists are concerned, the United States can't qualify as a 'cultured society' simply because we've actually created a society that works.
The death of what's dead is the birth of what's living.
It is the logic of consumerism that undermines the values of loyalty and permanence and promotes a different set of values that is destructive of family life.
We speak Turkish at home, and I can speak the language. I have a lot of family there - I try to fly to Turkey once a year when I have holidays.
History shows that where ethics and economics come in conflict, victory is always with economics. Vested interests have never been known to have willingly divested themselves unless there was sufficient force to compel them.
Oh, my kids know me, and they know the Rammstein's history. It's hard to shock them. I got punished, in the sense that they're really big Coldplay fans.
Tolerance has to be shown by those who come to this country for a new way of life. If you are not prepared to become Australian and give this country your undivided loyalty, obey our laws, respect our culture and way of life, then I suggest you go back where you came from.
My personal style really started in my teens when I gained purchasing power to actually buy my own damn clothes. For so long, my parents dictated what I wore, which largely was their way of containing me within the gender binary.
It is amazing that people who think we cannot afford to pay for doctors, hospitals, and medication somehow think that we can afford to pay for doctors, hospitals, medication and a government bureaucracy to administer it.
My family is everything. I am what I am thanks to my mother, my father, my brother, my sister... because they have given me everything. The education I have is thanks to them.
My father taught me, in boxing, that when you - particularly when you get hit in the face for the first time - you're going to panic. That instead of panicking, just accept it. Stay calm. And any time anybody hits you, they always leave themselves open to be hit.
If you look back, Mozart, Haydn and Beethoven were mixing music and humor all the time.
Maybe you will be afraid and maybe you will fail, but the courage to take risks in any part of your life is, I feel, a very worthwhile way to live.
God isn't compatible with machinery and scientific medicine and universal happiness. You must make your choice. Our civilization has chosen machinery and medicine and happiness.
I hope people can envision a future where we as humans have robots that are alongside us, assisting in our daily lives.
I'm most passionate about anything to do with nature and the simple things. I love taking walks with my family or my friends and seeing nature. And that's why I love living where I live because I live up in the desert area in the mountains.
We've got to work to save our children and do it with full respect for the fact that if we do not, no one else is going to do it.
Think what a better world it would be if we all, the whole world, had cookies and milk about three o'clock every afternoon and then lay down on our blankets for a nap.
Mutual respect! That's what it takes to be friends.
I always thought I could be brave and charge at things and smash 'em and walk away, but it takes courage to sit and look at things and say, 'This is what I am. How do I fix it? How do I live with it?'
You will never find time for anything. If you want time you must make it.
I don't date my girlfriend because she's a model. I date her because I love her.
Leaders are judged on merit and not on caste or family names.
I think that the power is the principle. The principle of moving forward, as though you have the confidence to move forward, eventually gives you confidence when you look back and see what you've done.
Caesar was a man of great common sense and good taste, meaning thereby a man without originality or moral courage.
Until we get rid of racial bias, sexism, homophobia in society, it will exist in all walks of society.
Having a Christian worldview shapes my decision-making with respect to all aspects of my life. I always respect people in public life who are principled, and those principles have to be connected to something. And my faith is what serves as the anchor and directs my actions.
You don't stay married for thirty-nine years because of sex or even because of love, but because your partner is a real friend to you, because they respect and regard you.
I believe that miracles happen every day. Every person is a miracle. Every moment is a miracle. If only we can open our eyes, we'll see God's love everywhere.
God will never reject you. Whether you accept Him is your decision.
Life was a lot simpler when what we honored was father and mother rather than all major credit cards.
There is respect for law, and then there is complicity in lawlessness.
Plant thy foot firmly in the prints which His foot has made before thee.
Ambition is the immoderate desire for power.
There are thousands of ways to take action. For example, plant trees, pick up litter, join an organisation or movement that makes a difference and especially try to influence adults and put pressure on people in power.
Russia needs a strong state power and must have it. But I am not calling for totalitarianism.
One isn't necessarily born with courage, but one is born with potential. Without courage, we cannot practice any other virtue with consistency. We can't be kind, true, merciful, generous, or honest.
We are still living in the aftershock of Hiroshima, people are still the scars of history.
I think people appreciate a songwriter who shows different sides. The whole angst thing is cool, but if that's all you've got, it's just boring. Everything I write, whether it's happy or sad, has a sense of humor to it.
Respect the language in which you write. Be kind, develop good vocabulary, and be creative in writing beautiful sentences. Your prose should be your poetry when you write.
When death, the great reconciler, has come, it is never our tenderness that we repent of, but our severity.
Death is the ultimate enemy - and I find nothing reproachable in those who rage mightily against the dying of the light.
The prevailing subtext of every dating book is that beautiful women are surpassingly obtainable, so long as you get over the intimidation that keeps you from approaching them. That's maybe the dumbest advice ever.
I don't think people get the pressure of becoming famous and what it does for an artist. What does that for your creative self. And what that can do for your mental health. And I would say, from year two to year six or eight of 'Grey's,' it was extremely difficult and very stressful and traumatic, if I'm being honest.
I have experienced bad dating and ineptitude with women all across the globe, from Vietnam to Paris. When I was 21, women were an enigma; they were this code that had to be cracked. They were 'The Other.' I have often thought writing this stuff into stand-up and shows would be an exorcism, but it hasn't been; it makes no difference.
My dad grew up with an avocado tree in his backyard. My entire family, my wife and daughters, they love avocado. I may well be allergic. It makes me physically sick.
I have too much respect for people to try to control them. But they are estranged from love, afraid to reach out and touch one another. We're afraid to appear sentimental or speak in platitudes because people will say, 'What a jerk!' It takes courage in our culture to be a lover.
The greatest friend of truth is Time, her greatest enemy is Prejudice, and her constant companion is Humility.
The idea that women were oppressed throughout history is an appalling theory.
I'm big when it comes to respect. But it's a two-way street, in my eyes.
I sit on my duff, smoke cigarettes and watch TV. I'm not exactly a poster girl for healthy living.
I am learning all the time. The tombstone will be my diploma.
If one is desperate for love, I suggest looking at one's friends and family and see if love is all around. If not, get a new set of friends, a new family.
Getting rid of the dictator is only a first step in establishing a free society. The dictatorship must also be disassembled.
The comics that are just conversing with you up there and drawing on their own life, yeah, I guess so. I guess some do political humor, some do topical humor, but the ones that I like, the ones that are appealing to me, were guys who were just talking to you about their life.
When you're thinking about building your own online dating profile, especially on OkCupid, you should go through the same steps you're thinking about when you're going out to meet someone new. You want to put your best foot forward.
Sustainable development is the pathway to the future we want for all. It offers a framework to generate economic growth, achieve social justice, exercise environmental stewardship and strengthen governance.
I always preferred to hang out with the outcasts, 'cause they were cooler; they had better taste in music, for one thing, I guess because they had more time to develop one with the lack of social interaction they had!
The criteria for serving one's country should be competence, courage and willingness to serve. When we deny people the chance to serve because of their sexual orientation, we deprive them of their rights of citizenship, and we deprive our armed forces the service of willing and capable Americans.
Courage ought to have eyes as well as arms.
I like so much wearing heels, legs look so much better, everything looks better. But it's only recently I've had the courage to do that.
Anybody with a sense of humor is going to put on my album and laugh from beginning to end.
What can a pencil do for all of us? Amazing things. It can write transcendent poetry, uplifting music, or life-changing equations; it can sketch the future, give life to untold beauty, and communicate the full-force of our love and aspirations.
Justice and power must be brought together, so that whatever is just may be powerful, and whatever is powerful may be just.
Government is, by its very nature, a destroyer of liberties; the Obama administration, specifically, is promising to interfere with the economy and the health care system so profoundly that Washington will soon have us all in chains.
The straight line belongs to men, the curved one to God.
I'm a bad dater - I'm just not good at it. It's so weird dating in this town. It's like high school. I get a lot of people who have their publicist call my agent to ask, 'Is she dating anyone?'
I have been dealing with illness and its manifestations since I was a teenager, and I think that gives me a very healthy respect for the things in life we can't control.
You need the commitment of people that aren't worried about that next election, who are going to do the right thing and worry about the next generation. It's called political courage. And I can tell you, with me, you don't have to ask whether I have political courage.
I'm on a search for my future ex-wife.
From my point of view, God is the light that illuminates the darkness, even if it does not dissolve it, and a spark of divine light is within each of us.
If your best friend has stolen your girlfriend, it does become life and death.
We need to start talking about inequality again; we need to start talking about the inequities and unfairnesses and the injustices of an excessively divided society, divided by wealth, by opportunity, by outcome, by assets and so forth.
I thought I was going to be an actor. I liked entertaining. I was pretty much tap dancing for attention from a very early age. My family was kind of musical, and there were people in the circus next door and actors across the road. I just enjoyed messing around with music growing up, but I really thought I was going to be an actor.
I don't want or need to gain respect with what I do off the court. I want respect for what I do on the court.
Between income taxes and employment taxes, capital gains taxes, estate taxes, corporate taxes, property taxes, Social Security taxes, we're being taxed to death.
There are some people whose opinion I value and respect and it would be very bothersome if I forfeited their respect. But the general public? I'm not preoccupied with the opinions of others.
The greatest tragedy in mankind's entire history may be the hijacking of morality by religion.
It has been great journey from where I have started to where I am today. I am really blessed with God's grace.
We respect our elders. There is wisdom that comes from experience, and I am not going to stop learning from wise counsel.
There's no one place a virus goes to die - but that doesn't make its demise any less a public health victory. Throughout human history, viral diseases have had their way with us, and for just as long, we have hunted them down and done our best to wipe them out.
I am not very proud of being an human being; in fact, I distinctly dislike the species in many ways. I can readily conceive of beings vastly superior in every respect.
I think that age as a number is not nearly as important as health. You can be in poor health and be pretty miserable at 40 or 50. If you're in good health, you can enjoy things into your 80s.
My good health is due to a soup made of white doves. It is simply wonderful as a tonic.
Solar power is going to be absolutely essential to meeting growing energy demands while staving off climate change.
Liberty plays an important role in justice, and there can be no justice without liberty, which is the power to do what one wills. But government exists first and foremost for the purpose of justice, which inclines the will to give each and all their due.
My message to you all is of hope, courage and confidence. Let us mobilize all our resources in a systematic and organized way and tackle the grave issues that confront us with grim determination and discipline worthy of a great nation.
Every day begins with an act of courage and hope: getting out of bed.
The people have spoken. Their decision is sovereign. We all respect it... I wish good luck to those who will now govern France.
In sports teams, apart from talk of sporting prowess and the imparting of inspirational thought, an extraordinary amount of time is spent discussing, and flaunting, material possessions.
I often run teaching down in my standup, but I had some great years, and it's a great job. It represented a place where I knew what I wanted to do but didn't have the courage.
'War on Everyone,' I think... the script was hilarious to me, but it's very dark, dark humor. It's super dark.
OK, in all seriousness, I would say I couldn't be in a relationship without equality, generosity, integrity, spirit, kindness and humor. And awesomeness.
Personally, I can't see the appeal in trekking down to D.C. for a networking extravaganza, even if it is built around a special moment in American history. While I find the election of Barack Obama inspirational, I don't have a desire to memorialize it with overly effusive celebration.
Luck has nothing to do with it, because I have spent many, many hours, countless hours, on the court working for my one moment in time, not knowing when it would come.
The only people for me are the mad ones: the ones who are mad to live, mad to talk, mad to be saved, desirous of everything at the same time, the ones who... burn, burn, burn like fabulous yellow Roman candles.
I think the next best thing to solving a problem is finding some humor in it.
If my writing comes to a halt, I head to the shops: I find them very inspirational. And if I get into real trouble with my plot, I go out for a pizza with my husband.
The entertainment industry is vast and is a reflection of the society we live in.
AIDS is not just God's punishment for homosexuals; it is God's punishment for the society that tolerates homosexuals.
Wildlife crime goes well beyond just a threat to endangered species but also has impacts on our society, economy and security. It undermines efforts to uphold the rule of law, acts as an agent for corruption, creates a barrier to development and fuels global instability.
I've given up looking for a boyfriend. That's not to say I won't be interested if the right guy comes along. But I'm not in a hurry.
Flowers are an easy, eloquent expression of love at a time when words can seem clumsy and inadequate.
If you see the magic in a fairy tale, you can face the future.
Hire sales people who are really smart problem solvers, but lack courage, hunger and competitiveness, and your company will go out of business.
My student days in PSG saw three Prime Ministers, two wars, taught us courage, resilience, leadership and optimism.
Learn from the past, look to the future, but live in the present.
Some people die at 25 and aren't buried until 75.
What the Anzac legend did do, by the bravery and sacrifice of our troops, was reinforce our own cultural notions of independence, mateship, and ingenuity. Of resilience and courage in adversity.
The power of mathematics is often to change one thing into another, to change geometry into language.
The mark of our society as civilized will come when we embrace confidence in the power of redemption.
In one way, I suppose, I have been 'in denial' for some time, knowingly burning the candle at both ends and finding that it often gives a lovely light.
Insanity runs in my family. It practically gallops.
Never give up, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn.
I am a political human being. I have - that's one of my interests. I studied political science in college. I was actually going to get my Ph.D. in poli-sci. And a lot of my material from early on in my career dealt with politics, so I've always considered myself as somebody who enjoys political humor. So I'm not going to stop.
You can't gaze in the crystal ball and see the future. What the Internet is going to be in the future is what society makes it.
I think the important thing to understand about the free pony program is, of course, it is an absolutely free pony program, uh, there may be some incidental costs involved with pony social security or universal pony health care or the haystamp program so ponies won't starve in the streets.
My father is Nigerian; my mother is from Texas and African-American. My father was the first in his family to go to university. He flew from Nigeria to Los Angeles in the '70s to go to UCLA, where he met my mother. They broke up before I was born, and he returned to Nigeria.
Anyway, no drug, not even alcohol, causes the fundamental ills of society. If we're looking for the source of our troubles, we shouldn't test people for drugs, we should test them for stupidity, ignorance, greed and love of power.
Neither man nor woman is perfect or complete without the other. Thus, no marriage or family, no ward or stake is likely to reach its full potential until husbands and wives, mothers and fathers, men and women work together in unity of purpose, respecting and relying upon each other's strengths.
Power is not an institution, and not a structure; neither is it a certain strength we are endowed with; it is the name that one attributes to a complex strategical situation in a particular society.
I was born into an artistic family, and they understood me. But they were really worried, because some of the stuff I did was dangerous. If I'd been caught without the veil with a shaved head, I don't know what would have happened.
When Apple looks at what categories to enter, we ask these kinds of questions: What are the primary technologies behind this? What do we bring? Can we make a significant contribution to society with this? If we can't, and if we can't own the key technologies, we don't do it.
The remedy for speech that is false is speech that is true. This is the ordinary course in a free society. The response to the unreasoned is the rational; to the uninformed, the enlightened; to the straight-out lie, the simple truth.
Wherever I look, I see signs of the commandment to honor one's parents and nowhere of a commandment that calls for the respect of a child.
The word 'supportive' has no place in stand-up comedy. I hate when people are like, 'Support female comedy.' That's not a real genre of comedy. I think if you have true respect for women as three-dimensional creators who are innovative, you wouldn't group them together like that.
If the government controls your health care, the government controls you. Obamacare was never about health care. It was about government power, dependency, and control.
Batman doesn't have any superpowers. He has to use his brain and his courage. That's what always appealed to me.
Prayer is talking with God. God knows your heart and is not so concerned with your words as He is with the attitude of your heart.
My dad died, and he wasn't in my life because he had schizophrenia, so it's been something that my entire family has been fighting against since I can remember.
I'll never understand how destroying families through deportation benefits our society. How we treat the undocumented says a great deal about us as a people and whether or not we'll continue to fulfill the fundamental American promise of equality and opportunity for all.
To see the right and not to do it is cowardice.
If we made the 'Batman' games more realistic, you'd have to be Bruce Wayne for half the game, counting his money and dating supermodels.
The most powerful words in English are 'Tell me a story,' words that are intimately related to the complexity of history, the origins of language, the continuity of the species, the taproot of our humanity, our singularity, and art itself.
If I have seen further than others, it is by standing upon the shoulders of giants.
The construction of Europe is an art. It is the art of the possible.
Courage is the price that life exacts for granting peace.
It is no measure of health to be well adjusted to a profoundly sick society.
I've never been Romeo who meets a girl and falls for her immediately. It's been a much slower process for me each time I've gone into a relationship.
Armageddon is not around the corner. This is only what the people of violence want us to believe. The complexity and diversity of the world is the hope for the future.
As Nelson Mandela has pointed out, boycott is not a principle, it is a tactic depending upon circumstances. A tactic which allows people, as distinct from their elected but often craven governments, to apply a certain pressure on those wielding power in what they, the boycotters, consider to be an unjust or immoral way.
I'm not in favor of the death penalty. But I'm in favor of locking these people away in maximum security units where they can never get out. They can never escape. They can never be paroled. Lock the bad ones away. But you gotta rethink everybody else.
Since His delights are to be with you, let yours be found in Him.
He that fears death loses the joys of life.
Courage is not always about action. It takes courage to do nothing rather than do something that you do not believe in or understand.
Progress can't happen just from trans people being out in the open. Society also has to truly accept transgender individuals. If society is capable of treating us equally, then we can and will live authentically.
Movies are my religion and God is my patron. I'm lucky enough to be in the position where I don't make movies to pay for my pool. When I make a movie, I want it to be everything to me; like I would die for it.
I don't know what the future holds. All I know is, I'm good today. Real good.
The funniest thing is I never understood why actors were so shady about who they're dating. Then I realized the things you say get printed and the people you're involved with read them. That's what's tricky. Nothing goes unnoticed. I don't want to get myself in trouble!
All things are subject to interpretation whichever interpretation prevails at a given time is a function of power and not truth.
Most Americans think that public health is services for poor people, and since most Americans hate poor people and want all poor people's services destroyed, they hate public health.
Every day, we are bombarded with a multitude of toxins in the environment. We know that the negative health impacts from this constant exposure can add up.
People from a planet without flowers would think we must be mad with joy the whole time to have such things about us.
Never stand begging for that which you have the power to earn.
I think you can get to a point where nihilism, if that's the right word, is overwhelming, and the basic laws that society has set up - either religious or social laws - become meaningless.
Abortion does not just hurt women. Abortion hurts a family, and it has a domino effect of hurting those related and close to those families through the grief and reality of losing a child to abortion.
If you are sincere and true to your work, you will be respected. And for me, respect is power.
I have amazing friends who have led inspirational lives.
Have the courage to act instead of react.
If a dog doesn't put you first where are you both? In what relation? A dog needs God. It lives by your glances, your wishes. It even shares your humor. This happens about the fifth year. If it doesn't happen you are only keeping an animal.
One of the major goals of health insurance reform is to bring down the cost.
Like the seasons of the year, like history, truth also repeats itself. But we seldom recognize it when great poets or true artists - the prophets and the priests of our day - present it to us in garments spick and span, following the fashion of the age, the slant of its fancy, the turn and temper of its mind.
I'm so lucky to have such a great family. I respect them so much professionally, and they've been unconditionally supportive in the choices that I've made. It's been very good having them on my side.
I've always been intellectually restless, but it is the building part of it that most interests me. It is the constructing of the team that is my favorite part. Anyone who is familiar with the history of the A's franchise, even dating back to Philadelphia, knows that every five or 10 years, you have to tear it apart and rebuild it.
Thelonious Monk was one of the musicians I most connected with early on. I'm a huge Betty Carter fan, and the way that Abbey Lincoln and Shirley Horn grew immensely from the time they were young is so inspirational.
God operates the world by covenants. Those covenants have specific jurisdictions and responsibilities, not to be infringed upon by another covenant.
I love 'Threepenny Opera'; I was exposed to it as a little kid because my parents, my mom and my dad, had bonded, when they were dating, over 'Threepenny Opera' and introduced it to me, a child, who could barely understand it. But I immediately gravitated even from that early age.
There are different kinds of humor, some is sarcastic, some introspective. Introspective fit my personality better.
History is always changing behind us, and the past changes a little every time we retell it.
I learned from my parents to revere nature. Their way of teaching my siblings and I to respect the environment was to be in it, and so we spent a great deal of time outdoors.
The other night I ate at a real nice family restaurant. Every table had an argument going.
When obedience ceases to be an irritant and becomes our quest, in that moment God will endow us with power.
The smarter the journalists are, the better off society is. For to a degree, people read the press to inform themselves - and the better the teacher, the better the student body.
History is the present. That's why every generation writes it anew. But what most people think of as history is its end product, myth.
The power of Haitian heritage and the strength of the Haitian people is tremendous. And Haiti holds a unique and rich role in the history of African Americans.
It seems essential, in relationships and all tasks, that we concentrate only on what is most significant and important.
The other thing is quality of life; if you have a place where you can go and have a picnic with your family, it doesn't matter if it's a recession or not, you can include that in your quality of life.
The present is a point just passed.
When I do have free time, I spend it with friends, or I spend it at home writing or making something.
I love a lot of the New York bands, but Patti Smith stands out. I just read 'Just Kids' and it's an inspirational, well-written account of an emerging New York artist in the late seventies.
My fear was not of death itself, but a death without meaning.
I think that prog rock is the science fiction of music. Science fiction speculates on what the future might be and look like and how we'll get there, and yet there's always a central theme of humanity, or there should be. Progressive rock has the same concept of exploration into the parts of the music world that hasn't been explored.
Many a sin has sullied me in body and in soul because I did not restrain my thoughts nor guard my lips: nevertheless it is to Thee, O God of majesty and love, that I turn in my extremity, for Thou art the fount of mercy; to Thee, as quickly as I may, I speed: for Thou alone canst heal me; I take refuge under Thy protection.
You don't have to give birth to someone to have a family.
Death is with you all the time; you get deeper in it as you move towards it, but it's not unfamiliar to you. It's always been there, so what becomes unfamiliar to you when you pass away from the moment is really life.
Far from being the basis of the good society, the family, with its narrow privacy and tawdry secrets, is the source of all our discontents.
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
Transient bodies are only subject to destruction through their substance and not through their form, nor can the essence of their form be destroyed; in this respect, they are permanent.
Liability does apply with respect to the amount of the oil spill.
People don't actually want to think about their own health and don't take action until they are sick. Yet employers are very motivated to get their employees healthy, since they bear most of the burden of their health care costs.
Madame, all stories, if continued far enough, end in death, and he is no true-story teller who would keep that from you.
The dual scourge of hunger and malnutrition will be truly vanquished not only when granaries are full, but also when people's basic health needs are met and women are given their rightful role in societies.
We cannot banish dangers, but we can banish fears. We must not demean life by standing in awe of death.
I had an inspirational teacher at my junior school: Peter Nixon. He was enthusiastic, knowledgeable and slightly scary - a good combination for a teacher.
I think in my case, I had no choice but to have a good sense of humor. I grew up with my dad, Danny Thomas, and George Burns and Bob Hope and Milton Berle and Sid Caesar and all those guys were at our house all the time and telling jokes and making each other laugh.
Parents need all the help they can get. The strongest as well as the most fragile family requires a vital network of social supports.
'Hard Hit,' a YA collection of poems, explores the country of grief and survival. Mark, a 16-year-old boy and skilled pitcher, must confront the coming death of his beloved father with the help of his friends, family, baseball, and an idiosyncratic belief in God. I used my own experience of my parents' deaths to inform this journey.
The rejection that we all take and the sadness and the aggravation and the loss of jobs and all of the things that we live through in our lives, without a sense of humor, I don't know how people make it.
I write about the power of trying, because I want to be okay with failing. I write about generosity because I battle selfishness. I write about joy because I know sorrow. I write about faith because I almost lost mine, and I know what it is to be broken and in need of redemption. I write about gratitude because I am thankful - for all of it.
Be brave enough to live life creatively. The creative place where no one else has ever been.
I feel birth, death, marriage is destined, and these things can't be manipulated. I have surrendered my life completely. So, whenever it happens, I will accept it.
A lot of America is kind of done. People have been making films about it for 100 years. Everything to me feels used up. But Jo-Burg feels unbelievably inspirational to me.
I met Woz when I was 13, at a friend's garage. He was about 18. He was, like, the first person I met who knew more electronics than I did at that point. We became good friends, because we shared an interest in computers and we had a sense of humor. We pulled all kinds of pranks together.
The glories of our blood and state, Are shadows, not substantial things; There is no armour against fate, Death lays his icy hand on kings. Scepter and crown must tumble down, And, in the dust, be equal made With the poor crooked scythe and spade.
When I was straight, I had the courage and energy to become an actress. I owe my career to my will to stop using.
I've learned from experience that if you work harder at it, and apply more energy and time to it, and more consistency, you get a better result. It comes from the work.
I know that one day all transgender individuals will have the freedom to be who they are, no matter what. And we won't have to face the cruel judgments of society. We can just live our lives and be treated and respected like everyone else.
They gave each other a smile with a future in it.
I've been dating since I was fifteen. I'm exhausted. Where is he?
I had my battles. I had my times of just being upset and God would show me, 'Hey, I'm right here, I'll walk you through this and it doesn't make sense now but just trust me.' That's where faith come in - trust.
The things that I have said when I was young and curious about whatever the subject matter was, I respect those - those are growing pains. Even if you make mistakes, I go back to those things, my not-so-great moments because those are my truest moments; those are my human moments. I'm not even mad at the things I said that were a little dicey.
Where do the evils like corruption arise from? It comes from the never-ending greed. The fight for corruption-free ethical society will have to be fought against this greed and replace it with 'what can I give' spirit.
The body dies, but the spirit that transcends it cannot be touched by death.
The only time I can really relax is up a tree or somewhere outside. I love being outside.
The tragedy of life is in what dies inside a man while he lives - the death of genuine feeling, the death of inspired response, the awareness that makes it possible to feel the pain or the glory of other men in yourself.
Socialism violates at least three of the Ten Commandments: It turns government into God, it legalizes thievery and it elevates covetousness. Discussions of income inequality, after all, aren't about prosperity but about petty spite. Why should you care how much money I make, so long as you are happy?
It is the hour to be drunken! to escape being the martyred slaves of time, be ceaselessly drunk. On wine, on poetry, or on virtue, as you wish.
Move to Italy. I mean it: they know about living in debt; they don't care. I stayed out there for five months while I was making a film called 'Order Of Death,' and they've really got it sussed. Nice cars. Sharp suits. Great food. Stroll into work at 10. Lunch from 12 till three. Leave work at five. That's living!
I've never really felt like a veteran. I've never felt like the guy who's like, 'OK, everyone needs to look up to me and respect me.' I've always just been one of the guys that people are excited to get in the ring with. That's all I want.
No family is complete without an embarrassing uncle.
We're living in a whole new social and economic order with a whole new set of problems and challenges. Old assumptions and old programs don't work in this new society and the more we try to stretch them to make them fit, the more we will be seen as running away from what is reality.
It takes discipline not to let social media steal your time.
No valid plans for the future can be made by those who have no capacity for living now.
You only live twice. Once when you are born and once when you look death in the face.
At sea a fellow comes out. Salt water is like wine, in that respect.
I'm sick to death of people saying we've made 11 albums that sounds exactly the same, Infact, we've made 12 albums that sound exactly the same.
A pun is the lowest form of humor, unless you thought of it yourself.
I think the world should unite and focus on strong health systems to prepare the whole world to prevent epidemics - or if there is an outbreak, to manage it quickly - because viruses don't respect borders, and they don't need visas.
It is the business of the future to be dangerous; and it is among the merits of science that it equips the future for its duties.
Absurdity is my favorite brand of humor because deep down inside, in our subconscious, it's all surrealism. It's all abstract. The world is the surrealism, the absurdity, the humor - it all just overlaps.
I want to thank God, obviously for the health, for the talent He's given me, for my family who supports me, for the things that basketball's taught me on and off the court. For the people that I've been able to meet through the game of basketball.
'Twenty One Pilots' is a play by Arthur Miller, who also wrote 'All My Sons.' It's about a guy who's creating and developing parts for airplanes in war time, when it comes to his attention that some of these parts were faulty.
People are going to behave however the social norms permit, and beyond that.
I want a future where my children feel safe and appreciated and proud to be who they are. My heart is one with all the Arab Spring heroes, no matter how small they think their role is. I know they believe, like me, that we are working for a world whereby an Arab can live with the other in a respectful and dignified way.
M*A*S*H offered real characters and everybody identified with them because they had such soul. The humor was intelligent and it always assumed that you had an intellect.
I think cyberbullying someone who states their opinion, especially a woman, is sadly a norm these days, and it happens daily to not just stars/actors. We have to consistently condemn and shun it so that it never gets the power it doesn't deserve to have over the society.
We have seen that two heads are better than one when dealing with a mental health problem.
Soldiers are citizens of death's grey land, drawing no dividend from time's tomorrows.
It seems to me that if you or I must choose between two courses of thought or action, we should remember our dying and try so to live that our death brings no pleasure on the world.
Time and tide wait for no man.
Several times in Earth's history, rapid global warming occurred, apparently spurred by amplifying feedbacks. In each case, more than half of plant and animal species became extinct. New species came into being over tens and hundreds of thousands of years. But these are time scales and generations that we cannot imagine.
Education is the key to a bright future.
A comprehended god is no god.
Liberty is to the collective body, what health is to every individual body. Without health no pleasure can be tasted by man; without liberty, no happiness can be enjoyed by society.
History is the interpretation of the significance that the past has for us.
Ideally, we date the folks who are dating for the same reason we are.
I saw the Internet as being something which would allow power mongers to control us, and that we would willingly go to that if it promised us salvation - if it promised to show us who we were and let us find ourselves as we had, uniquely in our generation, through rock music.
If a typical person can do a mental task with less than one second of thought, we can probably automate it using AI either now or in the near future.
The coward sneaks to death; the brave live on.
The spirit of the gospel is optimistic; it trusts in God and looks on the bright side of things. The opposite or pessimistic spirit drags men down and away from God, looks on the dark side, murmurs, complains, and is slow to yield obedience.
A year spent in artificial intelligence is enough to make one believe in God.
Which death is preferably to every other? 'The unexpected'.
Death is a challenge. It tells us not to waste time... It tells us to tell each other right now that we love each other.
Goals do not get stored in your voice message or email bin. They are not going to reach out from the world wide web and remind you they exist. As a result, our goals do not get the respect they deserve.
During the Great Depression, African Americans were faced with problems that were not unlike those experienced by the most disadvantaged groups in society. The Great Depression had a leveling effect, and all groups really experienced hard times: poor whites, poor blacks.
The greatest obstacle to being heroic is the doubt whether one may not be going to prove one's self a fool; the truest heroism is to resist the doubt; and the profoundest wisdom, to know when it ought to be resisted, and when it be obeyed.
Every person is a God in embryo. Its only desire is to be born.
A farce, or slapstick humor, does well universally.
I don't trust politicians. I think that by the time they've made it, with the concessions they've had to make in that position, I don't believe they still have the beliefs they had at the root.
There's nothing more powerful than a woman who knows how to contain her power and not let it leak, standing firmly within it in mystery and silence. A woman who talks too much sheds her allure.
Indeed, the existence of class, of social hierarchy, is as old as man himself. It prevails in the jungle where strength determines hierarchy; among men, it has also been savagely the same, whereby rulers vested with power through personal combat, or through lineal heritage as in the case of royalty, ravage their subjects.
In the world of maternal health, cell phone technology is being used to provide prenatal care, linking pregnant women to health care providers when they can't otherwise reach healthcare facilities.
God is creating at every moment of the world's existence in and through the perpetually endowed creativity of the very stuff of the world.
God has given us two hands, one to receive with and the other to give with.
For a gallant spirit there can never be defeat.
I am not like a pebble on the beach - a grain of sand on the seashore or just one of millions of human beings past, present and future. No, I am a unique human being loved by God as if I were an only child - the only fruit of his creative powers.
I realised that people respond to banal things. They don't accept their own history, not participating in acceptance within their own being.
I'm sick of just liking people. I wish to God I could meet somebody I could respect.
The whole institution of marriage itself really has no place in a progressive society.
When my time on earth is gone, and my activities here are passed, I want they bury me upside down, and my critics can kiss my ass!
God knows Himself and every created thing perfectly. Not a blade of grass or the tiniest insect escapes His eye.
I used to be a real prince charming if I went on a date with a girl. But then I'd get to where I was likely to have a stroke from the stress of keeping up my act. I've since learned the key to a good date is to pay attention on her.
The source of my power and strength is God, and I know it, without a shadow of a doubt.
Kerala is called 'God's own country.' We need to make sure it is really so, for which we should ensure the entire state, including rivers and backwaters, are clean.
I love reading about history. Sometimes, I feel I was born in the wrong era. There was more creativity in the air when people were still discovering new worlds.
If you have a smothering parent, the effect it can apparently have on a child is to give them, in equal doses, a sense of too much self-esteem, because they are mummy's little princess or prince, and low self-esteem. It affects future relationships.
What then is freedom? The power to live as one wishes.
Everybody has something that chews them up and, for me, that thing was always loneliness. The cinema has the power to make you not feel lonely, even when you are.
I'm the one who's dating the craft-service guy instead of the producer. Plus, if a producer is going to date a hot young thing, I'm probably not the first person on their list - the weird, quirky, funny girl.
Acquire the habit of speaking to God as if you were alone with Him, familiarly and with confidence and love, as to the dearest and most loving of friends.
I've always gone out with much younger guys. But I rushed into relationships before really getting to know the person. What would come up as a warning sign within the first two weeks of dating would usually be the exact reason the relationship would end!
Music is great; it all depends on what mood you're in, what you want to listen to. If it's party time, you listen to, you know, party music, if you want to dance with somebody. But then again, if it's a slow dance, you need something slow.
Don't believe the hype; don't believe what it tells you on your driver's license. You are an extension of the power that created this whole universe.
I have great respect for the LDS church - their commitment to family and taking care of each other is exemplary. I just don't believe the tenets of the faith that they believe.
Of the twenty-two civilizations that have appeared in history, nineteen of them collapsed when they reached the moral state the United States is in now.
The Cross is the approbation of our existence, not in words, but in an act so completely radical that it caused God to become flesh and pierced this flesh to the quick; that, to God, it was worth the death of his incarnate Son.
Some of our important choices have a time line. If we delay a decision, the opportunity is gone forever. Sometimes our doubts keep us from making a choice that involves change. Thus an opportunity may be missed.
Our countries have been friends dating to the very existence of the United States. France is the only power that has never been at war with the United States.
I think the power of persuasion would be the greatest superpower of all time.
I'm not afraid of death, but I'm in no hurry to die. I have so much I want to do first.
Grave was the man in years, in looks, in word, his locks were grey, yet was his courage green.
If I were to agree to write the music for your beautiful poem, it would tie your poem up for some years as I have agreements and obligations which I must respect.
My purpose in life does not include a hankering to charm society.
Facebook and pictures on the Internet have created such a different way of dating. It's not necessarily good because an obsessive quality can develop in people.
You can safely assume that you've created God in your own image when it turns out that God hates all the same people you do.
Eventually, competition and adventure wane, and I enter my ibuprofen phase. Tweaky hamstrings and achy knees restrict mileage, but I continue running for health, sanity, and the ritual of a Sunday trail run with like-minded buddies. We discuss the nagging injuries that bedevil us, and remember the good old days when we were kings.
Do not seek death. Death will find you. But seek the road which makes death a fulfillment.
